who's infected corpse was one of the ones catapulted over the walls of kaffa by the mongol army?
what diagrams are used to simplify particle interactions on a fundamental level?
the unique model predicts that exchanged particles are the fundamental means by what?
who was margaret's brother?
what problem from the fresno chandler airport has plagued residents?
ministers of what faith were trained by the university in early years?
what was the us population in 2010?
what desert is to the south near arizona?
when did syria and egypt launch a surprise attack on israel?
there is increased wind from what direction in july?
big o notation provides autonomy to upper and lower bounds with relationship to what? 
what is a computational solution where a single input is expected for every input?
sky uk limited is now known by what name?
who do states and governments often work in lockstep with?
how did the crisis impact arabs?
which areas were least vulnerable to disease?
what did most people not require regarding social advantages?
who was kublai khan's grandfather?
who was iron thought to have a lot of?
what is higher in countries with more inequality for the top 21 industrialized countries?
water on the west side flowed below the basin and towards which ocean?
in what year did frederick william of prussia become the great elector?
jamboree business parks belongs to which business center?
what happens to some sheaths on cydippids to change their size?
when does rain typically fall in jacksonville?
when did the name black death officially take root in england?
advanced networking was developed by what sponsorship? 
where can ctenophores be found in large amounts?
what does the private education student financial assistance help current high school students who are turned away do?
what did not happen after the nice treaty?
if p is ultimately proven to be equal tot np, what effect would this have on the efficiency of problems?
what can increase the tension force on a load?
what's the latin name for germany?
even in large firms, architects, interior designers, engineers, developers, construction managers, and general contractors were more likely to be what?
did baran develop this "only" for use by the air force?
who disliked the affiliate program?
the restriction modification system is used by bacteria for protection from what pathogens?
the amazon releases how much carbon dioxide each year?
who wrote the paper that the "millennial northern hemisphere temperature reconstruction" graph was based on?
what does the sieve of euclid do?
what objects in organisms absorb singlet oxygen to prevent harm?
when did barton and whitfield demand climate research records?
 what illegitimate dynasty came before the yuan?
piranha did not actually do what?
what types of pharmacy functions have never been outsourced?
the us government can refer the bill to whom?
french architect enric miralles helped design what building?
how long since it's been that geoglyphs were first discovered on deforested land?
what percentage of married couples had children living with them?
what does non-revolutionary civil disobedience want to overthrow?
the idea that islam can't be apolitical isn't able to be embraced by whom?
what was the protest in antigone about?
what did virgin media ignore while offering linear channels?
who included 1 as the first prime number in the mid 20th century?
how many huguenots were part of the group that founded france antarctique in 1555?
who besides the british colonized africa?
what does a quantity surveyor do with a design? 
where was the average household size was 3.21
in what year was the domesday book written?
who normally instructs members how to vote?
who stated that that scientific ignorance was what caused uncertainties of global warming?
which coastline does southern california touch?
when did the jin dynasty begin?
what kind of contract is given when the contractor is given a performance specification and must undertake the project from design to construction, while adhering to the performance specifications?
when three forces act on a point particle, what happens?
when do members proceed to vote on whether they agree to the principles of the final bill?
what troops attacked fort william henry in early 1757?
 what had the yuan used to print its money before plastic plates?
how do bills pass through parliament?
what did lempicka represent better than anyone else?
what are the independant components of a vector sum that has been determined by scalar addition of individual vectors?
who wrote freakonomics and is also an anthropologist?
what style was the warsaw philharmony edifice built in?
how many professional schools does the university of chicago have?
during what decade did the campus start to look more modern?
what is a product of foreign soil management?
what was the goal of congress?
the scotland act enabled the spanish parliament to pass what?
can bskyb veto the presence of channels on their epg?
who introduced plague to europe?
what is the rotational equivalent of velocity?
what nationality aren't researchers richard g. wilkinson and kate pickett?
in what year was the first known experiments on combustion and air conducted?
in a 4-cylinder compound engine, what degree were the individual pistons balanced at?
nsf developed into what through public funding and private partnerships?
originally built with four layers, how many layers did dec evolve to have?
how long does it take to know the outcome of a division?
who argued for including the graph in the final report?
prices remained stable until what?
 who thought the world could not be split into climatic zones?
what captured the vosges mountains?
when was ctenophore mnemiopsis leidyi introduced into the black sea and the sea of azov?
what artificial method of spreading immunity causes disease? 
in what year was it suggested the jacksonville stop annexing outlying communities?
what are balance in an open system of particles?
whos is kerman, california named after?
how many stories doe the lavietes pavillion have?
where does khomeini's beliefs fall as compared to mawdudi and qutb?
how many expansion stages are used by the triple expansion engine?
when were plans for the harris friedman institute announced?