::context:: white has long been a proponent of analog equipment and the associated working methods. beginning in the fifth grade, he and his childhood friend, dominic suchyta, would listen to records in white's attic on weekends and began to record cover songs on an old four-track reel to reel tape machine. the white stripes' first album was largely recorded in the attic of his parents' home. as their fame grew beyond detroit, the stripes became known for their affected innocence and stripped-down playing style. in particular, white became distinguished for his nasal vocal delivery and loose, explosive guitar delivery. in an early new york times concert review from 2001, ann powers said that, while white's playing was "ingenious," he "created more challenges by playing an acoustic guitar with paper taped over the hole and a less-than-high-quality solid body electric." his home studio in nashville contains two rooms ("i want everyone close, focused, feeling like we're in it together.") with two pieces of equipment: a neve mixing console, and two studer a800 2-inch 8-track tape recorders. in his introduction in the documentary film, it might get loud, white showcases his minimalist style by constructing a guitar built out of a plank of wood, three nails, a glass coke bottle, a guitar string, and a pickup. he ends the demonstration by saying, "who says you need to buy a guitar?" in a 2012 episode of the show, portlandia, white made a cameo in a sketch spoofing home studio enthusiasts who prefer antique recording equipment. ::question:: when did he become a minimalist? 
::context:: the rocks on the plains of gusev are a type of basalt. they contain the minerals olivine, pyroxene, plagioclase, and magnetite, and they look like volcanic basalt as they are fine-grained with irregular holes (geologists would say they have vesicles and vugs). much of the soil on the plains came from the breakdown of the local rocks. fairly high levels of nickel were found in some soils; probably from meteorites. analysis shows that the rocks have been slightly altered by tiny amounts of water. outside coatings and cracks inside the rocks suggest water deposited minerals, maybe bromine compounds. all the rocks contain a fine coating of dust and one or more harder rinds of material. one type can be brushed off, while another needed to be ground off by the rock abrasion tool (rat). there are a variety of rocks in the columbia hills, some of which have been altered by water, but not by very much water. the dust in gusev crater is the same as dust all around the planet. all the dust was found to be magnetic. moreover, spirit found the magnetism was caused by the mineral magnetite, especially magnetite that contained the element titanium. one magnet was able to completely divert all dust hence all martian dust is thought to be magnetic. the spectra of the dust was similar to spectra of bright, low thermal inertia regions like tharsis and arabia that have been detected by orbiting satellites. a thin layer of dust, maybe less than one millimeter thick covers all surfaces. something in it contains a small amount of chemically bound water. ::question:: are there any other interesting aspects about this article? 
::context:: during the filming of the second season, the band became tired of scripts which they deemed monotonous and stale. they had already succeeded in eliminating the laugh track (a then-standard on american sitcoms), with the bulk of season 2 episodes airing minus the canned chuckles. they proposed switching the format of the series to become more like a variety show, with musical guests and live performances. this desire was partially fulfilled within some second-season episodes, with guest stars like musicians frank zappa, tim buckley and charlie smalls (composer of the wiz) performing on the show. however, nbc was not interested in eliminating the existing format, and the group (except for peter) had little desire to continue for a third season. tork said in dvd commentary that everyone had developed such difficult personalities that the big-name stars invited as guests on the show would invariably leave the experience "hating everybody". screen gems and nbc went ahead with the existing format anyway, commissioning monkees writers gerald gardner and dee caruso to create a straight-comedy, no-music half-hour in the monkees mold; a pilot episode was filmed with the then-popular nightclub act the pickle brothers. the pilot had the same energy and pace of the monkees, but never became a series. in june 1968, music supervisor lester sill chose to release the two non-album tracks "d.w. washburn" b/w "it's nice to be with you" as the monkees' next single. the leiber/stoller-penned a-side would break into the top 20, peaking at no. 19 on the charts. ::question:: were they ever in any other tv shows or movies? 
::context:: born in hackney, smith grew up in clapton. he purchased his first record, deep purple's machine head, at the age of 15. this led him to befriend dave murray, with whom he formed a band called stone free, which comprised murray on guitar, smith on vocals and their friend, dave mccloughlin, playing the bongos. after seeing the attention murray received from girls, smith took up the guitar, starting with an old spanish guitar once owned by his brother, before purchasing an old one of murray's for ps5. his early influences included johnny winter and pat travers, which he claims made him a "melodic player" rather than a "speed merchant or a shredder" as he "was inspired by blues rock rather than metal." leaving school after completing his o-levels, smith formed a band called evil ways, including dave murray on guitar, which was later renamed urchin. smith began writing his own material, including "22 acacia avenue", which was later included on iron maiden's the number of the beast (1982). at this point, murray left the band to join iron maiden and urchin signed with djm records and released a single, "black leather fantasy", in 1977. shortly afterwards, murray joined urchin on their next single, "she's a roller", as he had been sacked from iron maiden after a row with then vocalist dennis wilcock, although he was reinstated six months later. smith was also offered a place in iron maiden while they were in the process of signing with emi in 1979, but turned them down to continue with his own band, a decision he later regretted as urchin split up in 1980. ::question:: did he have a good relationship with his parents? 
::context:: during the filming of the second season, the band became tired of scripts which they deemed monotonous and stale. they had already succeeded in eliminating the laugh track (a then-standard on american sitcoms), with the bulk of season 2 episodes airing minus the canned chuckles. they proposed switching the format of the series to become more like a variety show, with musical guests and live performances. this desire was partially fulfilled within some second-season episodes, with guest stars like musicians frank zappa, tim buckley and charlie smalls (composer of the wiz) performing on the show. however, nbc was not interested in eliminating the existing format, and the group (except for peter) had little desire to continue for a third season. tork said in dvd commentary that everyone had developed such difficult personalities that the big-name stars invited as guests on the show would invariably leave the experience "hating everybody". screen gems and nbc went ahead with the existing format anyway, commissioning monkees writers gerald gardner and dee caruso to create a straight-comedy, no-music half-hour in the monkees mold; a pilot episode was filmed with the then-popular nightclub act the pickle brothers. the pilot had the same energy and pace of the monkees, but never became a series. in june 1968, music supervisor lester sill chose to release the two non-album tracks "d.w. washburn" b/w "it's nice to be with you" as the monkees' next single. the leiber/stoller-penned a-side would break into the top 20, peaking at no. 19 on the charts. ::question:: were there other songs? 
::context:: after graduating from the university of missouri, crow worked as a music teacher at the kellison elementary school in fenton, missouri. teaching during the day gave her the opportunity to sing in bands on the weekends. she was later introduced to local musician and record producer jay oliver. he had a studio in the basement of his parents' home in st. louis and helped her by using her in advertising jingles. her first jingle was a 'back to school' spot for the st louis department store famous-barr. soon after she sang in commercial jingles for mcdonald's (stated on the today show 4/19/17 she did not create) and toyota. she was quoted in a 60 minutes segment as saying she made $40,000 on her mcdonald's ad alone. crow toured with michael jackson as a backing vocalist during his bad world tour 1987-89 and often performed with jackson on "i just can't stop loving you". she also recorded background vocals for performances for a number of established artists such as stevie wonder, belinda carlisle and don henley. in 1989, crow contributed backing vocals to the neal schon track "smoke of the revolution" from his album late nite. crow also sang in the short-lived steven bochco drama cop rock in 1990. that same year, her song "heal somebody" appeared in the film bright angel. the following year, she performed "hundreds of tears", which was included in the point break soundtrack, and sang a duet with kenny loggins on the track "i would do anything", from his album leap of faith. ::question:: anything else notable about the article that you can share? 
::context:: in april 2010, along with actors brian cox and eleanor bron, mckellen appeared in a series of tv advertisements to support age uk, the charity recently formed from the merger of age concern and help the aged. all three actors gave their time free of charge. a cricket fan since childhood, mckellen umpired in march 2011 for a charity cricket match in new zealand to support earthquake victims of the february 2011 christchurch earthquake. mckellen is an honorary board member for the new york and washington, dc based organization only make believe. only make believe creates and performs interactive plays in children's hospitals and care facilities. he was honoured by the organisation in 2012 and hosted their annual make believe on broadway gala in november 2013. he garnered publicity for the organisation by stripping down to his lord of the rings underwear on stage. mckellen also has a history of supporting individual theatres. while in new zealand filming the hobbit in 2012, he announced a special new zealand tour "shakespeare, tolkien, and you!", with proceeds going to help save the isaac theatre royal, which suffered extensive damage during the 2011 christchurch earthquake. mckellen said he opted to help save the building as it was the last theatre he played in new zealand (waiting for godot in 2010) and the locals' love for it made it a place worth supporting. in july 2017, he performed a new one-man show for a week at park theatre (london), donating the proceeds to the theatre. ::question:: did he do any other charity work? 
::context:: in the late 1930s parker began to practice diligently. during this period he mastered improvisation and developed some of the ideas that led to bebop. in an interview with paul desmond, he said that he spent three to four years practicing up to 15 hours a day. bands led by count basie and bennie moten certainly influenced parker. he played with local bands in jazz clubs around kansas city, missouri, where he perfected his technique, with the assistance of buster smith, whose dynamic transitions to double and triple time influenced parker's developing style. in 1937, parker played at a jam session at the reno club in kansas city. his attempt to improvise failed when he lost track of the chord changes. this prompted jo jones, the drummer for count basie's orchestra, to contemptuously throw a cymbal at his feet as a signal to leave the stage. however, rather than discouraging parker, the incident caused him to vow to practice harder, and turned out to be a seminal moment in the young musician's career when he returned as a new man a year later. in 1938 parker joined pianist jay mcshann's territory band. the band toured nightclubs and other venues of the southwest, as well as chicago and new york city. parker made his professional recording debut with mcshann's band. as a teenager, parker developed a morphine addiction while hospitalized after an automobile accident, and subsequently became addicted to heroin. he continued using heroin throughout his life, and it ultimately contributed to his death. ::question:: what did he do in his early career? 
::context:: having learned to play guitar, spector performed "rock island line" in a talent show at fairfax high school, where he was a student. while at fairfax, he joined a loose-knit community of aspiring musicians, including lou adler, bruce johnston, steve douglas, and sandy nelson, the last of whom played drums on spector's first record release, "to know him is to love him". with three friends from high school, marshall leib, sandy nelson, and annette kleinbard, spector formed a group, the teddy bears. during this period, record producer stan ross -- co-owner of gold star studios in hollywood -- began to tutor spector in record production and exerted a major influence on spector's production style. in 1958, the teddy bears recorded the spector-penned "don't you worry my little pet", which helped them secure a deal with era records. at their next session, they recorded another song spector had written--this one inspired by the epitaph on spector's father's tombstone. released on era's subsidiary label, dore records, "to know him is to love him" reached number one on billboard hot 100 singles chart on december 1, 1958, selling over a million copies by year's end. it was the seventh number-one single on the newly formed chart. following the success of their debut, the group signed with imperial records. their next single, "i don't need you anymore", reached number 91. they released several more recordings, including an album, the teddy bears sing!, but failed to reach the top 100 in us sales. the group disbanded in 1959. ::question:: what were some of his other achievments? 
::context:: le guin was influenced by fantasy writers, including j. r. r. tolkien, by science fiction writers, including philip k. dick (who was in her high school class, though they did not know each other), by central figures of western literature such as leo tolstoy, virgil and the bronte sisters, by feminist writers such as virginia woolf, by children's literature such as alice in wonderland, the wind in the willows, the jungle book, by norse mythology, and by books from the eastern tradition such as the tao te ching. when asked about her influences, she replied: once i learned to read, i read everything. i read all the famous fantasies - alice in wonderland, and wind in the willows, and kipling. i adored kipling's jungle book. and then when i got older i found lord dunsany. he opened up a whole new world - the world of pure fantasy. and ... worm ouroboros. again, pure fantasy. very, very fattening. and then my brother and i blundered into science fiction when i was 11 or 12. early asimov, things like that. but that didn't have too much effect on me. it wasn't until i came back to science fiction and discovered sturgeon - but particularly cordwainer smith. ... i read the story "alpha ralpha boulevard", and it just made me go, "wow! this stuff is so beautiful, and so strange, and i want to do something like that." in the mid-1950s, she read j. r. r. tolkien's the lord of the rings, which had an enormous impact on her. but rather than making her want to follow in tolkien's footsteps, it simply showed her what was possible with the fantasy genre. ::question:: and which other feminist writers? 
::context:: each week the celebrities and their partners perform a live ice dance routine. the four/five (as of series 8) judges (commonly known as the ice panel) judge each performance and give a mark between 0.0 and 10.0 (0.0 to 6.0 between series 1 and 5), depending on the performance. these total scores then create a leaderboard which combines with the public vote in order to determine the two lowest placed couples. as this is the case, the pair with the lowest score from the judges can avoid being in the bottom two if the public vote for them. once the scores and votes are combined to form the final leaderboard for that week's show, the two/three couples at the bottom compete in a final showdown known as the "skate off", where they perform their routine again. once the couples have performed their routines for the judging panel, the judges decide on who deserves to stay and cast their votes, based on their second performance. the couple with the most votes from the judges receives a place in the following week's show, while the couple with the fewest votes leaves the competition. one couple leaves each week, but in series 7, two couples left in one week, due to numbering issues. a live reunion special was staged one week after the end of each season, with all celebrities talking about their experiences during the season, and answering questions from a live studio audience. torvil and dean themselves then made a special in-studio appearance towards the end, thanking the contestants, hosts and judges, and of course, the home viewers for their votes. ::question:: what happens if you have the lowest score? 
::context:: most of gonzales's career as a professional took place before the start of the open era of tennis in april 1968, and he was therefore ineligible to compete at the grand slam events between the end of 1949 (when he turned pro) and the start of the open era in april 1968. as has been observed about other great players such as rod laver, gonzales almost certainly would have won a number of additional grand slam titles had he been permitted to compete in those tournaments during that 18-year period. jack kramer, for instance, has speculated in an article about the theoretical champions of forest hills and wimbledon that gonzales would have won an additional 11 titles in those two tournaments alone. in may 1968, he was the first professional to lose to an amateur, the british player mark cox. the then-24-year-old cox beat gonzales at the british hard court championships at bournemouth, 0-6, 6-2, 4-6, 6-3, 6-3, in two and a quarter hours. the first major open tournament was the 1968 french open, when gonzales had just turned 40. in spite of the fact that he had been semi-retired for a number of years and that the tournament was held on slow clay courts that penalize serve-and-volley players, gonzales beat the 1967 defending champion roy emerson in the quarterfinals. he then lost in the semifinals to rod laver. he lost in the third round of 1968 wimbledon but later beat the second-seeded tony roche in the fourth round of the 1968 us open, before losing an epic match to the netherlands' tom okker. ::question:: are there any other interesting aspects about this article? 
::context:: jackson was born in birkenhead on the wirral, where her father was a builder, and her mother worked in shops and as a cleaner. jackson was educated at the west kirby county grammar school for girls, and performed at the townswomen's guild drama group during her teens. she worked for two years in a branch of the boots the chemist chain before taking up a scholarship in 1954 to study at the royal academy of dramatic art. jackson made her professional stage debut in terence rattigan's separate tables in 1957 while at rada. and appeared in repertory for the next six years. her film debut was a bit part in this sporting life (1963). a member of the royal shakespeare company for four years from 1964, she originally joined for director peter brook's 'theatre of cruelty' season which included peter weiss' marat/sade (1965) in which she played an inmate of an asylum portraying charlotte corday, the assassin of marat. the production ran on broadway in 1965 and in paris (jackson appeared in the 1967 film version) and jackson also appeared as ophelia in peter hall's production of hamlet in the same year. critic penelope gilliatt thought jackson was the only ophelia she had seen who was ready to play the prince himself. the rsc's staging at the aldwych theatre of us (1966), a protest play against the vietnam war, also featured jackson, and she appeared in its film version, tell me lies. later that year, she starred in the psychological drama negatives (1968), which was not a huge financial success, but won her more good reviews. ::question:: who were her parents? 
::context:: most of gonzales's career as a professional took place before the start of the open era of tennis in april 1968, and he was therefore ineligible to compete at the grand slam events between the end of 1949 (when he turned pro) and the start of the open era in april 1968. as has been observed about other great players such as rod laver, gonzales almost certainly would have won a number of additional grand slam titles had he been permitted to compete in those tournaments during that 18-year period. jack kramer, for instance, has speculated in an article about the theoretical champions of forest hills and wimbledon that gonzales would have won an additional 11 titles in those two tournaments alone. in may 1968, he was the first professional to lose to an amateur, the british player mark cox. the then-24-year-old cox beat gonzales at the british hard court championships at bournemouth, 0-6, 6-2, 4-6, 6-3, 6-3, in two and a quarter hours. the first major open tournament was the 1968 french open, when gonzales had just turned 40. in spite of the fact that he had been semi-retired for a number of years and that the tournament was held on slow clay courts that penalize serve-and-volley players, gonzales beat the 1967 defending champion roy emerson in the quarterfinals. he then lost in the semifinals to rod laver. he lost in the third round of 1968 wimbledon but later beat the second-seeded tony roche in the fourth round of the 1968 us open, before losing an epic match to the netherlands' tom okker. ::question:: what happened after that 
::context:: forbes estimated bundchen's 2016 income at $30.5 million. in august 2011, bundchen ranked 60th on the forbes list of the world's 100 most powerful women. she ranked third on the 20 youngest power women of 2011 list at age 31. in 2011 forbes named bundchen and brady as the world's highest paid celebrity couple, beating brad pitt and angelina jolie as well as beyonce and jay-z. in august 2012 she was one of four people in the fashion industry and the only model to be ranked on the forbes list of "the world's most powerful women" at no. 83. she ranked in the top 10 of the forbes list of "entertainment's highest-paid women" in 2012, at no. 8. in july 2007 forbes named her the world's top-earning model. by 2008, she continued to dominate the forbes list of the world's highest-earning models, and appeared on the magazine's list of the top 20 richest women in entertainment. during 2009-2010, she was the top earning supermodel. in 2010, she retained the top spot as forbes's highest-earning model. in may 2011, forbes ranked her as the world's top-earning model for the fifth consecutive time. her earnings climbed over the previous year, thanks to an economic boom in brazil, coupled with a 10 per cent surge in the value of the brazilian real against the dollar. also in 2013 she ranked no. 3 on the 16 most successful female entrepreneurs list by forbes. bundchen, however, disputes the number, telling wsj. magazine in november 2013, "who are they speaking to when they come up with these numbers? not my accountant, that's for sure." ::question:: did he have tremendous wealth? 
::context:: in 1961, rick nielsen began playing locally in rockford, illinois using an ever-increasing collection of rare and valuable guitars. he formed several local bands with names like the boyz and the grim reapers. brad carlson, later known as bun e. carlos, played in a rival rockford band, the pagans. finally, nielsen formed fuse in 1967 with tom peterson, later known as tom petersson, who had played in yet another local band called the bo weevils. fuse released a self-titled album for epic records in 1970, which was generally ignored. frustrated by their lack of success, fuse recruited the two remaining members of nazz in 1970 and ended up playing around the midwest for 6-7 months under two monikers, fuse or nazz, depending on where they were gigging. with bun e. carlos joining on drums, fuse moved to philadelphia in 1971. they began calling themselves "sick man of europe" in 1972-1973. after a european tour in 1973, nielsen and petersson returned to rockford and reunited with carlos. randy "xeno" hogan was the original lead singer for cheap trick. he left the band shortly after its formation and was replaced by robin zander. the name was inspired by the band's attendance of a slade concert, where petersson commented that the band used "every cheap trick in the book" as part of their act. the band recorded (with hogan) a demo, "hot tomato", around mid 1974, parts of which would form "i'll be with you tonight", which was first called "tonight, tonight" (and a slightly different structure), and "takin' me back". ::question:: did they tour during this time? 
::context:: carey is an outspoken libertarian. he has expressed his political philosophy in the following terms: "i believe the answers to all the problems we face as a society won't come from washington, it will come from us. so the way we decide to live our lives and our decisions about what we buy or don't buy are much more important than who we vote for." carey expressed his distaste for the bush administration's management of the iraq war, specifically on the september 14, 2007, episode of real time with bill maher. he made donations to ron paul's presidential campaign for the 2008 election. on the september 26, 2008, episode of the late late show with craig ferguson, carey defined "libertarian" to host craig ferguson as "a conservative who still gets high." in 2016, he supported libertarian party presidential candidate gary johnson in his run for office, and was made an honorary chair of the campaign for california. carey has spoken about his various political beliefs in several interviews, and in 1998, he led a "smoke-in" in defiance of california's newly passed no-smoking ordinance inside bars and restaurants. carey has hosted a series of mini-documentaries called the drew carey project on reason.tv, an online project of reason foundation, a libertarian-oriented nonprofit think tank (for which carey sits as a member of the board of trustees). the first episode, "gridlock", addresses private highway ownership and was released on october 15, 2007. other episodes discuss topics such as eminent domain, urban traffic congestion, and medical marijuana. ::question:: did he ever run for office? 
::context:: forbes estimated bundchen's 2016 income at $30.5 million. in august 2011, bundchen ranked 60th on the forbes list of the world's 100 most powerful women. she ranked third on the 20 youngest power women of 2011 list at age 31. in 2011 forbes named bundchen and brady as the world's highest paid celebrity couple, beating brad pitt and angelina jolie as well as beyonce and jay-z. in august 2012 she was one of four people in the fashion industry and the only model to be ranked on the forbes list of "the world's most powerful women" at no. 83. she ranked in the top 10 of the forbes list of "entertainment's highest-paid women" in 2012, at no. 8. in july 2007 forbes named her the world's top-earning model. by 2008, she continued to dominate the forbes list of the world's highest-earning models, and appeared on the magazine's list of the top 20 richest women in entertainment. during 2009-2010, she was the top earning supermodel. in 2010, she retained the top spot as forbes's highest-earning model. in may 2011, forbes ranked her as the world's top-earning model for the fifth consecutive time. her earnings climbed over the previous year, thanks to an economic boom in brazil, coupled with a 10 per cent surge in the value of the brazilian real against the dollar. also in 2013 she ranked no. 3 on the 16 most successful female entrepreneurs list by forbes. bundchen, however, disputes the number, telling wsj. magazine in november 2013, "who are they speaking to when they come up with these numbers? not my accountant, that's for sure." ::question:: was he the wealthiest person? 
::context:: on 18 september 1877 in benalla, kelly, while drunk, was arrested for riding over a footpath and locked-up for the night. the next day, while he was escorted by four policemen, he absconded and ran, taking refuge in a shoemaker's shop. the police and the shop owner tried to handcuff him but failed. during the struggle kelly's trousers were ripped off. trying to get kelly to submit and taking advantage of his torn trousers, the irish-born constable thomas lonigan, whom kelly later murdered at stringybark creek, "black-balled" him (grabbed and squeezed his testicles). during the struggle, a miller walked in, and on seeing the behaviour of the police said "you should be ashamed of yourselves". he then tried to pacify the situation and induced kelly to put on the handcuffs. kelly was charged with being drunk and assaulting police, and fined l3 1s, which included damage to the uniforms. kelly said about the incident, "it was in the course of this attempted arrest fitzpatrick endeavoured to catch hold of me by the foot, and in the struggle he tore the sole and heel of my boot clean off. with one well-directed blow, i sent him sprawling against the wall, and the staggering blow i then gave him partly accounts to me for his subsequent conduct towards my family and myself". it is reported that in the aftermath, kelly ominously foreshadowed the crime that would eventually sentence him to death, and told lonigan, "well, lonigan, i never shot a man yet. but if ever i do, so help me god, you'll be the first". ::question:: are there any other interesting aspects about this article? 
::context:: in 1968, bowie wrote the lyrics "even a fool learns to love", set to the music of a 1967 french song "comme d'habitude", composed by claude francois and jacques revaux. bowie's version was never released, but paul anka bought the rights to the original french version and rewrote it into "my way", the song made famous by frank sinatra in a 1969 recording on his album of the same name. the success of the anka version prompted bowie to write "life on mars?" as a parody of sinatra's recording. in notes for iselect, a compilation that accompanied a june 2008 issue of the mail on sunday, bowie described how he wrote the song: workspace was a big empty room with a chaise longue; a bargain-price art nouveau screen ("william morris," so i told anyone who asked); a huge overflowing freestanding ashtray and a grand piano. little else. i started working it out on the piano and had the whole lyric and melody finished by late afternoon. bowie noted that wakeman "embellished the piano part" of his original melody and guitarist mick ronson "created one of his first and best string parts" for the song. the liner notes for hunky dory indicate that the song was "inspired by frankie". one reviewer suggested the song was written after "a brief and painful affair" with actress hermione farthingale. while on tour in 1990, bowie introduced the song by saying "you fall in love, you write a love song. this is a love song." ::question:: when was "my way" released? 
::context:: "first nations" came into common usage in the 1980s to replace the term "indian band". elder sol sanderson says that he coined the term in the early 1980s. others state that the term came into common usage in the 1970s to avoid using the word "indian", which some people considered offensive. apparently, no legal definition of the term exists. some aboriginal peoples in canada have also adopted the term "first nation" to replace the word "band" in the name of their community. "first nations" (most often used in the plural) has come into general use for the indigenous peoples of north america located in what is now canada, and their descendants, excluding the inuit and metis, who have distinct identities. the singular commonly used is "first nations person" (when gender-specific, "first nations man" or "first nations woman"). some tribal governments of canada also use the term "first nations" to refer to any indigenous, tribal or nomadic society, using the term for such diverse groups as the romani, saami, maori, hmong, and the australian aborigines. although the canadian government has formally adopted use of the term "first nations" and "aboriginal peoples", the federal ministerial portfolio in charge of their affairs is named the department of indian affairs and northern development and under the federal identity program is referred to as aboriginal affairs and northern development canada (aandc), and the historical term "indian reserve" is still a legal land description. some first nations peoples also use "indian band" in their official names. ::question:: ae other terms used? 
::context:: while at the gregorian university, lonergan composed a two-volume latin textbook, de deo trino (third edition, 1964). it has recently appeared in the collected works together with an interleaf english translation under the title the triune god: doctrines (2009) and the triune god: systematics (2007). in the triune god: doctrines, lonergan begins with an examination of the dialectical process by which the dogma of the trinity developed in the first four centuries. this section was previously published in english as the way to nicea. the second section of the work advances dogmatic theses on (1) the consubstantiality of the son with the father, (2) the divinity of the holy spirit, (3) the distinction of the divine persons by relations of origin, and (4) the procession of the holy spirit from the father and the son (the filioque). the fifth and final thesis is that the trinity is a theological mystery in the strict sense and can only be understood analogically. a concluding scholion presents new testament evidence in favor of the "psychological" analogy of the trinity. in the triune god: systematics, lonergan develops the theory of intelligible (or spiritual) emanations in god as propounded by thomas aquinas. the volume begins with a discussion of the method of systematic theology which seeks an imperfect but highly fruitful understanding of the mysteries of faith by means of analogies. the following chapters develop an analogical conception of the divine processions (as intelligible emanations), relations, persons, and the two missions of the word and spirit. ::question:: did he believe in a certain theory? 
::context:: most of gonzales's career as a professional took place before the start of the open era of tennis in april 1968, and he was therefore ineligible to compete at the grand slam events between the end of 1949 (when he turned pro) and the start of the open era in april 1968. as has been observed about other great players such as rod laver, gonzales almost certainly would have won a number of additional grand slam titles had he been permitted to compete in those tournaments during that 18-year period. jack kramer, for instance, has speculated in an article about the theoretical champions of forest hills and wimbledon that gonzales would have won an additional 11 titles in those two tournaments alone. in may 1968, he was the first professional to lose to an amateur, the british player mark cox. the then-24-year-old cox beat gonzales at the british hard court championships at bournemouth, 0-6, 6-2, 4-6, 6-3, 6-3, in two and a quarter hours. the first major open tournament was the 1968 french open, when gonzales had just turned 40. in spite of the fact that he had been semi-retired for a number of years and that the tournament was held on slow clay courts that penalize serve-and-volley players, gonzales beat the 1967 defending champion roy emerson in the quarterfinals. he then lost in the semifinals to rod laver. he lost in the third round of 1968 wimbledon but later beat the second-seeded tony roche in the fourth round of the 1968 us open, before losing an epic match to the netherlands' tom okker. ::question:: what happened in that year 
::context:: sebastian was joined by zal yanovsky, steve boone, and joe butler in the spoonful, which was named after "the coffee blues," a mississippi john hurt song. the lovin' spoonful, which blended folk-rock and pop with elements of blues, country, and jug band music, became part of the american response to the british invasion, and was noted for such hits as "do you believe in magic", "summer in the city", "daydream", "did you ever have to make up your mind?", "you didn't have to be so nice", "darling be home soon", "jug band music", "rain on the roof", "nashville cats", and "six o'clock". the band, however, began to implode after a 1967 marijuana bust in san francisco involving yanovsky, a canadian citizen. facing deportation, he revealed the name of his dealer to police, which caused a fan backlash and added to the internal tension already created by the band members' diverging interests. neither sebastian nor butler was involved in the matter, both being away from san francisco at the time. yanovsky subsequently left the band and was replaced by jerry yester, after which the band's musical style veered away from its previous eclectic blend and became more pop-oriented. sebastian left the lovin' spoonful in 1968 and did not play with any later versions of the band, except for a brief reunion with the other three original members to appear in paul simon's 1980 film one-trick pony, and again for a single performance at their rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony in 2000. ::question:: did john sebastian get married? 
::context:: in the late 1930s parker began to practice diligently. during this period he mastered improvisation and developed some of the ideas that led to bebop. in an interview with paul desmond, he said that he spent three to four years practicing up to 15 hours a day. bands led by count basie and bennie moten certainly influenced parker. he played with local bands in jazz clubs around kansas city, missouri, where he perfected his technique, with the assistance of buster smith, whose dynamic transitions to double and triple time influenced parker's developing style. in 1937, parker played at a jam session at the reno club in kansas city. his attempt to improvise failed when he lost track of the chord changes. this prompted jo jones, the drummer for count basie's orchestra, to contemptuously throw a cymbal at his feet as a signal to leave the stage. however, rather than discouraging parker, the incident caused him to vow to practice harder, and turned out to be a seminal moment in the young musician's career when he returned as a new man a year later. in 1938 parker joined pianist jay mcshann's territory band. the band toured nightclubs and other venues of the southwest, as well as chicago and new york city. parker made his professional recording debut with mcshann's band. as a teenager, parker developed a morphine addiction while hospitalized after an automobile accident, and subsequently became addicted to heroin. he continued using heroin throughout his life, and it ultimately contributed to his death. ::question:: why did it fail? 
::context:: on february 3, 2003 actress lana clarkson died in spector's mansion (the pyrenees castle) in alhambra, california. her body was found slumped in a chair with a single gunshot wound to her mouth with broken teeth scattered over the carpet. spector told esquire magazine in july 2003 that clarkson's death was an "accidental suicide" and that she "kissed the gun". the emergency call from spector's home, made by spector's driver, adriano de souza, quotes spector as saying, "i think i've killed someone". de souza added that he saw spector come out the back door of the house with a gun in his hand. spector remained free on $1 million bail while awaiting trial, which began on march 19, 2007. presiding judge larry paul fidler allowed the proceedings in los angeles superior court to be televised. on september 26, 2007, judge fidler declared a mistrial because of a hung jury (ten to two for conviction). the retrial of spector for murder in the second degree began on october 20, 2008, with judge fidler again presiding; this time it was not televised. spector was once again represented by attorney jennifer lee barringer. the case went to the jury on march 26, 2009, and 19 days later, on april 13, the jury returned a guilty verdict. additionally, spector was found guilty of using a firearm in the commission of a crime, which added four years to the sentence. he was immediately taken into custody and, on may 29, 2009, was sentenced to 19 years to life in the california state prison system. ::question:: when did it happen 
::context:: winchell was born in new york city, the son of jennie (bakst) and jacob winchell, a salesman; they were russian jewish immigrants. he left school in the sixth grade and started performing in gus edwards's vaudeville troupe known as the "newsboys sextet", which also included george jessel. he began his career in journalism by posting notes about his acting troupe on backstage bulletin boards. he joined the vaudeville news in 1920, then left the paper for the evening graphic in 1924, where his column was named mainly about mainstreeters. he was hired on june 10, 1929, by the new york daily mirror, where he finally became the author of the first syndicated gossip column, entitled on-broadway. the column was syndicated by king features syndicate. he used connections in the entertainment, social, and governmental realms to expose exciting or embarrassing information about celebrities in those industries. this caused him to become very feared as a journalist because he routinely would affect the lives of famous or powerful people, exposing alleged information and rumors about them, using this as ammunition to attack his enemies and to blackmail influential people. he used this power, trading positive mention in his column (and later, his radio show) for more rumors and secrets. he made his radio debut over wabc in new york, a cbs affiliate, on may 12, 1930. the show, entitled saks on broadway, was a 15-minute feature that provided business news about broadway. he switched to wjz (later renamed wabc) and the nbc blue (later abc radio) in 1932 for the jergens journal. ::question:: how was his professional career start? 
::context:: during the watergate affair, there were suggestions that graham had agreed with many of president richard nixon's antisemitic opinions, but he denied them and stressed his efforts to build bridges to the jewish community. in 2002, the controversy was renewed when declassified "richard nixon tapes" confirmed remarks made by graham to nixon three decades earlier. captured on the tapes, graham agreed with nixon that jews control the american media, calling it a "stranglehold" during a 1972 conversation with nixon, and suggesting that if nixon was re-elected, they might be able to do something about it. when the tapes were made public, graham apologized and said, "although i have no memory of the occasion, i deeply regret comments i apparently made in an oval office conversation with president nixon ... some 30 years ago. ... they do not reflect my views and i sincerely apologize for any offense caused by the remarks." according to newsweek magazine, "[t]he shock of the revelation was magnified because of graham's longtime support of israel and his refusal to join in calls for conversion of the jews." in 2009, more nixon tapes were released, in which graham is heard in a 1973 conversation with nixon referring to jews and "the synagogue of satan". a spokesman for graham said that graham has never been an antisemite and that the comparison (in accord with the context of the quotation in the book of revelation) was directed specifically at those claiming to be jews, but not holding to traditional jewish values. ::question:: what did nixon try to do about the media and the jews? 
::context:: while at the gregorian university, lonergan composed a two-volume latin textbook, de deo trino (third edition, 1964). it has recently appeared in the collected works together with an interleaf english translation under the title the triune god: doctrines (2009) and the triune god: systematics (2007). in the triune god: doctrines, lonergan begins with an examination of the dialectical process by which the dogma of the trinity developed in the first four centuries. this section was previously published in english as the way to nicea. the second section of the work advances dogmatic theses on (1) the consubstantiality of the son with the father, (2) the divinity of the holy spirit, (3) the distinction of the divine persons by relations of origin, and (4) the procession of the holy spirit from the father and the son (the filioque). the fifth and final thesis is that the trinity is a theological mystery in the strict sense and can only be understood analogically. a concluding scholion presents new testament evidence in favor of the "psychological" analogy of the trinity. in the triune god: systematics, lonergan develops the theory of intelligible (or spiritual) emanations in god as propounded by thomas aquinas. the volume begins with a discussion of the method of systematic theology which seeks an imperfect but highly fruitful understanding of the mysteries of faith by means of analogies. the following chapters develop an analogical conception of the divine processions (as intelligible emanations), relations, persons, and the two missions of the word and spirit. ::question:: what is trinitarian theology? 
::context:: perry como credited bing crosby for influencing his voice and style. perry como's voice is widely known for its good-natured vocal acrobatics as portrayed in his highly popular novelty songs such as "hot diggity (dog ziggity boom)", but there was another side to perry como. music critic gene lees describes it in his sleeve note to como's 1968 album look to your heart: despite his immense popularity, como is rarely given credit for what, once you stop and think of it, he so clearly is: one of the great singers and one of the great artists of our time. perhaps the reason people rarely talk about his formidable attributes as a singer is that he makes so little fuss about them. that celebrated ease of his has been too little understood. ease in any art is the result of mastery over the details of the craft. you get them together to the point where you can forget about how you do things and concentrate on what you are doing. como got them together so completely that the muscles don't even show. it seems effortless, but a good deal of effort has gone into making it seem so. como is known to be meticulous about rehearsal of the material for an album. he tries things out in different keys, gives the song thought, makes suggestions, tries it again, and again, until he is satisfied. the hidden work makes him look like mr. casual, and too many people are taken in by it -- but happily so. -gene lees-sleeve note, look to your heart from 1989 until his death in 2001, como co-hosted a weekly syndicated radio show with john knox, called weekend with perry. ::question:: what was his best attribute? 
::context:: in the mid-1990s, mario was signed to a production deal with dallas austin's rowdy records thru producers tim & bob. he lived with the duo at their house studio until his breakthrough came as a christian songwriter, musician and co-producer on r. kelly's "i can't sleep baby" and "you remind me of something" (plus three more songs) from the r. kelly album in 1995. he also worked with pebbles and 98 degrees. winans eventually released his debut album story of my heart on motown in 1997. while the song "don't know" reached the us r&b top 50, the album failed to chart. soon after, winans teamed up with sean combs, then known as puff daddy and his bad boy roster, playing drums on "come with me" by puff daddy and jimmy page, based on the classic led zeppelin song "kashmir" from their 1975 album physical graffiti, and featured on the soundtrack to the 1998 remake of godzilla. over the next several years winans produced songs for bad boy artists including diddy, the notorious b.i.g., lil' kim, faith evans, loon, black rob, and 112. he has also worked with notable artists outside bad boy including destiny's child, mary j. blige, whitney houston, jennifer lopez, ice cube, tamia, eminem and brian mcknight. winans co-wrote the two-part song "i need a girl" with p. diddy and appeared on "pt. 2" along with loon, ginuwine, and diddy, which became a hit recording in 2002. he also produced the bad boy remix compilation we invented the remix in 2002. ::question:: did he win any awards for the album? 
::context:: bosh's national team career began in 2002 when he was selected as a member of the 2002 usa basketball junior world championship qualifying team that finished with a 4-1 record and the bronze medal. after his nba career began, bosh was named in march 2006 to the 2006-2008 united states men's national basketball team program, and helped lead the team to a 5-0 record during its pre-world championship tour. in august 2006, bosh was named as a member of the 2006 usa world championship team. together with fellow 2003 draftees dwyane wade, lebron james, carmelo anthony, and kirk hinrich, this team competed in the 2006 fiba world championship. the team won the bronze medal, defeating former 2004 olympic champion argentina. bosh was ranked sixth in field goal percentage. following the 2006-07 season, bosh was named to the team that would compete in the 2007 fiba americas championship. however, he sustained a foot injury and withdrew from the squad. on june 23, 2008, he was named to the team that would compete in the 2008 olympic games in beijing. during the tournament itself, bosh operated as the main backup to center dwight howard as team usa went unbeaten in all eight games en route to the gold medal, defeating spain in the final. he averaged 9.1 points per game, and led the team in rebounds with 6.1 a game. in june 2012, bosh withdrew his name from consideration for the 2012 olympics in london to recover from a lower abdominal strain that kept him out of some playoff games. ::question:: who is chris bosh 
::context:: sebastian was joined by zal yanovsky, steve boone, and joe butler in the spoonful, which was named after "the coffee blues," a mississippi john hurt song. the lovin' spoonful, which blended folk-rock and pop with elements of blues, country, and jug band music, became part of the american response to the british invasion, and was noted for such hits as "do you believe in magic", "summer in the city", "daydream", "did you ever have to make up your mind?", "you didn't have to be so nice", "darling be home soon", "jug band music", "rain on the roof", "nashville cats", and "six o'clock". the band, however, began to implode after a 1967 marijuana bust in san francisco involving yanovsky, a canadian citizen. facing deportation, he revealed the name of his dealer to police, which caused a fan backlash and added to the internal tension already created by the band members' diverging interests. neither sebastian nor butler was involved in the matter, both being away from san francisco at the time. yanovsky subsequently left the band and was replaced by jerry yester, after which the band's musical style veered away from its previous eclectic blend and became more pop-oriented. sebastian left the lovin' spoonful in 1968 and did not play with any later versions of the band, except for a brief reunion with the other three original members to appear in paul simon's 1980 film one-trick pony, and again for a single performance at their rock and roll hall of fame induction ceremony in 2000. ::question:: was this the name of an album? 
::context:: in the late 1930s parker began to practice diligently. during this period he mastered improvisation and developed some of the ideas that led to bebop. in an interview with paul desmond, he said that he spent three to four years practicing up to 15 hours a day. bands led by count basie and bennie moten certainly influenced parker. he played with local bands in jazz clubs around kansas city, missouri, where he perfected his technique, with the assistance of buster smith, whose dynamic transitions to double and triple time influenced parker's developing style. in 1937, parker played at a jam session at the reno club in kansas city. his attempt to improvise failed when he lost track of the chord changes. this prompted jo jones, the drummer for count basie's orchestra, to contemptuously throw a cymbal at his feet as a signal to leave the stage. however, rather than discouraging parker, the incident caused him to vow to practice harder, and turned out to be a seminal moment in the young musician's career when he returned as a new man a year later. in 1938 parker joined pianist jay mcshann's territory band. the band toured nightclubs and other venues of the southwest, as well as chicago and new york city. parker made his professional recording debut with mcshann's band. as a teenager, parker developed a morphine addiction while hospitalized after an automobile accident, and subsequently became addicted to heroin. he continued using heroin throughout his life, and it ultimately contributed to his death. ::question:: did he work with anyone else of note? 
::context:: mcelhenny gained 11,375 all-purpose yards in his thirteen-year career and retired as one of just three players to eclipse 11,000 yards. he was nicknamed "the king" while with the 49ers because he was "the most feared running back in the nfl." 49ers quarterback frankie albert gave him the nickname in the locker room following mcelhenny's fourth game as a rookie, in which he returned a punt 96 yards for a touchdown against the bears. he was elected to the pro football hall of fame in 1970, an honor he described as the highlight of his life. others inducted in the class were contemporaries jack christiansen, tom fears, and pete pihos. his jersey number 39 is retired by the 49ers, and by virtue of his membership in the pro hall of fame, he was automatically inducted as a charter member of the san francisco 49ers hall of fame in 2009. nfl network ranked him the fourth most elusive runner of all time in 2007. mcelhenny was inducted into state of washington sports hall of fame in 1963 and the college football hall of fame in 1981. as of 2016, his 12 rushing touchdowns in 1950 and 13 in 1951 both remain in the top ten all-time for a washington player in a single season, and his 28 career rushing touchdowns tie him for sixth in school history. on january 20, 1985, mcelhenny participated in the opening coin toss at super bowl xix at stanford stadium, along with u.s. president ronald reagan, who participated by video feed from the white house after having been sworn into his second term of office earlier that day. ::question:: does the article share any information about his personal life? 
::context:: on january 24, 2013, martinez joined the boston red sox as a special assistant to general manager ben cherington. martinez was elected to the national baseball hall of fame in january 2015 with 91.1% of the votes. his hall of fame plaque will have the cap of the boston red sox. "i cannot be any prouder to take red sox nation to the hall of fame with the logo on my plaque", martinez said in a statement. "i am extremely proud to represent boston and all of new england with my hall of fame career. i'm grateful to all of the teams for which i played, and especially fans, for making this amazing honor come true." in 2015, martinez was hired by the mlb network as a studio analyst and also released an autobiography, pedro, which he coauthored with michael silverman of the boston herald. reflecting on his career, he named barry bonds, edgar martinez, derek jeter, kenny lofton and ichiro suzuki as the most difficult hitters he had to face. on june 22, 2015, it was announced that martinez' number 45 would be retired by the red sox on july 28, two days after his hall of fame induction. red sox principal owner john henry stated, "to be elected into the baseball hall of fame upon his first year of eligibility speaks volumes regarding pedro's outstanding career, and is a testament to the respect and admiration so many in baseball have for him." on february 1, 2018, martinez was announced as part of the 2018 induction class for the canadian baseball hall of fame. ::question:: what did pedro martinez do after he retired from baseball? 
::context:: le guin was influenced by fantasy writers, including j. r. r. tolkien, by science fiction writers, including philip k. dick (who was in her high school class, though they did not know each other), by central figures of western literature such as leo tolstoy, virgil and the bronte sisters, by feminist writers such as virginia woolf, by children's literature such as alice in wonderland, the wind in the willows, the jungle book, by norse mythology, and by books from the eastern tradition such as the tao te ching. when asked about her influences, she replied: once i learned to read, i read everything. i read all the famous fantasies - alice in wonderland, and wind in the willows, and kipling. i adored kipling's jungle book. and then when i got older i found lord dunsany. he opened up a whole new world - the world of pure fantasy. and ... worm ouroboros. again, pure fantasy. very, very fattening. and then my brother and i blundered into science fiction when i was 11 or 12. early asimov, things like that. but that didn't have too much effect on me. it wasn't until i came back to science fiction and discovered sturgeon - but particularly cordwainer smith. ... i read the story "alpha ralpha boulevard", and it just made me go, "wow! this stuff is so beautiful, and so strange, and i want to do something like that." in the mid-1950s, she read j. r. r. tolkien's the lord of the rings, which had an enormous impact on her. but rather than making her want to follow in tolkien's footsteps, it simply showed her what was possible with the fantasy genre. ::question:: did she have other influences other than fantasy writers? 
::context:: hartson turned professional in 1992 and made his luton town first team debut as a substitute in a 1-0 league cup defeat to cambridge united on 24 august 1993. in january 1995, at 19, he joined arsenal for ps2.5 million, a british record fee for a teenage player at the time. along with chris kiwomya, hartson was one of george graham's last signings before the manager's sacking in february 1995. he made his arsenal debut on 14 january 1995, a 1-1 home draw with everton, and scored his first goal for the club the following week, the only goal in a 1-0 away win at coventry city. he was a regular for the remainder of his first season, a highlight of which was scoring arsenal's 75th-minute equaliser in the 1995 uefa cup winners' cup final against real zaragoza; however a last-minute goal from 40 yards by nayim over david seaman meant arsenal lost the game 2-1. he was strike-partner to ian wright, being favoured ahead of kevin campbell to fill the gap left by the injured alan smith, who would retire at the end of the season. following the signing of dennis bergkamp, who was preferred up front to partner wright, hartson went on to feature under graham's successors bruce rioch and arsene wenger. with wenger wanting him to stay at the club, hartson though in february 1997 linked up with west ham united in a ps3.2 million deal. at the time, he was the most expensive player to be signed by west ham.the deal was initially reported to be worth ps5 million. in total, hartson played 53 times for arsenal, scoring 14 goals. ::question:: what year did he leave arsenal? 
::context:: in 1961, rick nielsen began playing locally in rockford, illinois using an ever-increasing collection of rare and valuable guitars. he formed several local bands with names like the boyz and the grim reapers. brad carlson, later known as bun e. carlos, played in a rival rockford band, the pagans. finally, nielsen formed fuse in 1967 with tom peterson, later known as tom petersson, who had played in yet another local band called the bo weevils. fuse released a self-titled album for epic records in 1970, which was generally ignored. frustrated by their lack of success, fuse recruited the two remaining members of nazz in 1970 and ended up playing around the midwest for 6-7 months under two monikers, fuse or nazz, depending on where they were gigging. with bun e. carlos joining on drums, fuse moved to philadelphia in 1971. they began calling themselves "sick man of europe" in 1972-1973. after a european tour in 1973, nielsen and petersson returned to rockford and reunited with carlos. randy "xeno" hogan was the original lead singer for cheap trick. he left the band shortly after its formation and was replaced by robin zander. the name was inspired by the band's attendance of a slade concert, where petersson commented that the band used "every cheap trick in the book" as part of their act. the band recorded (with hogan) a demo, "hot tomato", around mid 1974, parts of which would form "i'll be with you tonight", which was first called "tonight, tonight" (and a slightly different structure), and "takin' me back". ::question:: who played in the bo weevils? 
::context:: kinison acquired much of his material from his difficult first two marriages, to patricia adkins (1975-1980) and terry marze (1981-1989). he began a relationship with dancer malika souiri toward the end of his marriage with marze. in 1990, souiri alleged she was raped by a man kinison had hired as a bodyguard that same day, while kinison was asleep in the house. the bodyguard stated that the sex was consensual; the jury deadlocked in the subsequent trial and the charges were later dropped. on april 4, 1992, six days before his death, kinison married souiri at the candlelight chapel in las vegas. they honeymooned in hawaii for five days before returning home to los angeles on april 10 to prepare for a show that night at the riverside resort hotel and casino in laughlin, nevada. souiri sued kinison's brother bill in 1995 for allegedly defaming her in his book brother sam: the short spectacular life of sam kinison, and then again in 2009 for allegedly forging sam's will. in february 2011, the toronto sun reported that kinison had fathered a child with the wife of his best friend and opening act, carl labove, who had been paying child support for the girl for nearly 13 years. labove filed legal papers claiming the girl was kinison's, and dna tests taken from kinison's brother bill show a 99.8% likelihood that kinison was the father of the unnamed woman, who was 21 at the time of the toronto sun story, and excluded labove as her father. ::question:: who did he marry? 
::context:: kinison acquired much of his material from his difficult first two marriages, to patricia adkins (1975-1980) and terry marze (1981-1989). he began a relationship with dancer malika souiri toward the end of his marriage with marze. in 1990, souiri alleged she was raped by a man kinison had hired as a bodyguard that same day, while kinison was asleep in the house. the bodyguard stated that the sex was consensual; the jury deadlocked in the subsequent trial and the charges were later dropped. on april 4, 1992, six days before his death, kinison married souiri at the candlelight chapel in las vegas. they honeymooned in hawaii for five days before returning home to los angeles on april 10 to prepare for a show that night at the riverside resort hotel and casino in laughlin, nevada. souiri sued kinison's brother bill in 1995 for allegedly defaming her in his book brother sam: the short spectacular life of sam kinison, and then again in 2009 for allegedly forging sam's will. in february 2011, the toronto sun reported that kinison had fathered a child with the wife of his best friend and opening act, carl labove, who had been paying child support for the girl for nearly 13 years. labove filed legal papers claiming the girl was kinison's, and dna tests taken from kinison's brother bill show a 99.8% likelihood that kinison was the father of the unnamed woman, who was 21 at the time of the toronto sun story, and excluded labove as her father. ::question:: who else did he marry? 
::context:: bosh's national team career began in 2002 when he was selected as a member of the 2002 usa basketball junior world championship qualifying team that finished with a 4-1 record and the bronze medal. after his nba career began, bosh was named in march 2006 to the 2006-2008 united states men's national basketball team program, and helped lead the team to a 5-0 record during its pre-world championship tour. in august 2006, bosh was named as a member of the 2006 usa world championship team. together with fellow 2003 draftees dwyane wade, lebron james, carmelo anthony, and kirk hinrich, this team competed in the 2006 fiba world championship. the team won the bronze medal, defeating former 2004 olympic champion argentina. bosh was ranked sixth in field goal percentage. following the 2006-07 season, bosh was named to the team that would compete in the 2007 fiba americas championship. however, he sustained a foot injury and withdrew from the squad. on june 23, 2008, he was named to the team that would compete in the 2008 olympic games in beijing. during the tournament itself, bosh operated as the main backup to center dwight howard as team usa went unbeaten in all eight games en route to the gold medal, defeating spain in the final. he averaged 9.1 points per game, and led the team in rebounds with 6.1 a game. in june 2012, bosh withdrew his name from consideration for the 2012 olympics in london to recover from a lower abdominal strain that kept him out of some playoff games. ::question:: how long was bosh national career 
::context:: the diary gives a detailed account of pepys' personal life. he liked wine, plays, and the company of other people. he also spent time evaluating his fortune and his place in the world. he was always curious and often acted on that curiosity, as he acted upon almost all his impulses. periodically, he would resolve to devote more time to hard work instead of leisure. for example, in his entry for new year's eve, 1661, he writes: "i have newly taken a solemn oath about abstaining from plays and wine..." the following months reveal his lapses to the reader; by 17 february, it is recorded, "here i drank wine upon necessity, being ill for the want of it." pepys was one of the most important civil servants of his age, and was also a widely cultivated man, taking an interest in books, music, the theatre and science. he was passionately interested in music; he composed, sang, and played for pleasure, and even arranged music lessons for his servants. he played the lute, viol, violin, flageolet, recorder and spinet to varying degrees of proficiency. he was also a keen singer, performing at home, in coffee houses, and even in westminster abbey. he and his wife took flageolet lessons from master thomas greeting. he also taught his wife to sing and paid for dancing lessons for her (although these stopped when he became jealous of the dancing master). pepys was known to be brutal to his servants, once beating a servant jane with a broom until she cried. he kept a boy servant whom he frequently beat with a cane, a birch rod, a whip or a rope's end. ::question:: did he beat them? 
::context:: hartson turned professional in 1992 and made his luton town first team debut as a substitute in a 1-0 league cup defeat to cambridge united on 24 august 1993. in january 1995, at 19, he joined arsenal for ps2.5 million, a british record fee for a teenage player at the time. along with chris kiwomya, hartson was one of george graham's last signings before the manager's sacking in february 1995. he made his arsenal debut on 14 january 1995, a 1-1 home draw with everton, and scored his first goal for the club the following week, the only goal in a 1-0 away win at coventry city. he was a regular for the remainder of his first season, a highlight of which was scoring arsenal's 75th-minute equaliser in the 1995 uefa cup winners' cup final against real zaragoza; however a last-minute goal from 40 yards by nayim over david seaman meant arsenal lost the game 2-1. he was strike-partner to ian wright, being favoured ahead of kevin campbell to fill the gap left by the injured alan smith, who would retire at the end of the season. following the signing of dennis bergkamp, who was preferred up front to partner wright, hartson went on to feature under graham's successors bruce rioch and arsene wenger. with wenger wanting him to stay at the club, hartson though in february 1997 linked up with west ham united in a ps3.2 million deal. at the time, he was the most expensive player to be signed by west ham.the deal was initially reported to be worth ps5 million. in total, hartson played 53 times for arsenal, scoring 14 goals. ::question:: in what year did john hartson join luton town? 
::context:: by the beginning of 2004 the band announced their first greatest hits compilation was going to be released, a cover of nick kamen's "i promised myself" became the last single from the band. the band shot the video for the song in march 2004, and was premiered on ztv in early april, the song went to international radios on late april/may becoming the last hit of the band. the album was a compilation of thirteen singles, which each one of them made the top twenty in at least one country and three new tracks, two of them were written by the band members. promotion for the album was slow, the band did a few shows in sweden and international interviews to magazines. many were reporting the band was splitting up after six years in the pop world. the band quickly denied the rumours on their official website. the single became another top-two hit for the band in sweden, it became one of the band's biggest hits in south america (especially in argentina) and the album became the band's first to not make the top ten in their homeland while it brought back the attention to them in other countries in latin america and eastern europe. the album was just released in selected european countries, asia and latin america. it did not receive a u.s. release, although, when mca records went bankrupt and was absorbed by both geffen and interscope, the former had plans to release it in november, ready for the christmas sales, but plans were scrapped when the band finished their tour and dhani released his first solo single. ::question:: why did they release this 
::context:: in the late 1930s parker began to practice diligently. during this period he mastered improvisation and developed some of the ideas that led to bebop. in an interview with paul desmond, he said that he spent three to four years practicing up to 15 hours a day. bands led by count basie and bennie moten certainly influenced parker. he played with local bands in jazz clubs around kansas city, missouri, where he perfected his technique, with the assistance of buster smith, whose dynamic transitions to double and triple time influenced parker's developing style. in 1937, parker played at a jam session at the reno club in kansas city. his attempt to improvise failed when he lost track of the chord changes. this prompted jo jones, the drummer for count basie's orchestra, to contemptuously throw a cymbal at his feet as a signal to leave the stage. however, rather than discouraging parker, the incident caused him to vow to practice harder, and turned out to be a seminal moment in the young musician's career when he returned as a new man a year later. in 1938 parker joined pianist jay mcshann's territory band. the band toured nightclubs and other venues of the southwest, as well as chicago and new york city. parker made his professional recording debut with mcshann's band. as a teenager, parker developed a morphine addiction while hospitalized after an automobile accident, and subsequently became addicted to heroin. he continued using heroin throughout his life, and it ultimately contributed to his death. ::question:: what did he master? 
::context:: most of gonzales's career as a professional took place before the start of the open era of tennis in april 1968, and he was therefore ineligible to compete at the grand slam events between the end of 1949 (when he turned pro) and the start of the open era in april 1968. as has been observed about other great players such as rod laver, gonzales almost certainly would have won a number of additional grand slam titles had he been permitted to compete in those tournaments during that 18-year period. jack kramer, for instance, has speculated in an article about the theoretical champions of forest hills and wimbledon that gonzales would have won an additional 11 titles in those two tournaments alone. in may 1968, he was the first professional to lose to an amateur, the british player mark cox. the then-24-year-old cox beat gonzales at the british hard court championships at bournemouth, 0-6, 6-2, 4-6, 6-3, 6-3, in two and a quarter hours. the first major open tournament was the 1968 french open, when gonzales had just turned 40. in spite of the fact that he had been semi-retired for a number of years and that the tournament was held on slow clay courts that penalize serve-and-volley players, gonzales beat the 1967 defending champion roy emerson in the quarterfinals. he then lost in the semifinals to rod laver. he lost in the third round of 1968 wimbledon but later beat the second-seeded tony roche in the fourth round of the 1968 us open, before losing an epic match to the netherlands' tom okker. ::question:: who did he play after 
::context:: in the late 1930s parker began to practice diligently. during this period he mastered improvisation and developed some of the ideas that led to bebop. in an interview with paul desmond, he said that he spent three to four years practicing up to 15 hours a day. bands led by count basie and bennie moten certainly influenced parker. he played with local bands in jazz clubs around kansas city, missouri, where he perfected his technique, with the assistance of buster smith, whose dynamic transitions to double and triple time influenced parker's developing style. in 1937, parker played at a jam session at the reno club in kansas city. his attempt to improvise failed when he lost track of the chord changes. this prompted jo jones, the drummer for count basie's orchestra, to contemptuously throw a cymbal at his feet as a signal to leave the stage. however, rather than discouraging parker, the incident caused him to vow to practice harder, and turned out to be a seminal moment in the young musician's career when he returned as a new man a year later. in 1938 parker joined pianist jay mcshann's territory band. the band toured nightclubs and other venues of the southwest, as well as chicago and new york city. parker made his professional recording debut with mcshann's band. as a teenager, parker developed a morphine addiction while hospitalized after an automobile accident, and subsequently became addicted to heroin. he continued using heroin throughout his life, and it ultimately contributed to his death. ::question:: where else did they tour? 
::context:: on september 25, 2017, anthony was traded to the thunder in exchange for enes kanter, doug mcdermott and a 2018 second-round pick. on november 9, 2017, with only 12 points needed to move up in the rankings, anthony passed allen iverson on the nba all-time scoring list and moved to the 24th spot. he finished the game with 28 points. on november 26, 2017, anthony passed ray allen on the nba all-time scoring list and moved to 23rd place. on december 11, 2017, anthony passed vince carter for 22nd on the nba all-time scoring list. on january 4, 2018, in oklahoma city's game against the los angeles clippers as part of their la back-to-back (on january 3 they beat the la lakers 133-96), anthony scored 22 points moving past the new york knick's patrick ewing into 21st place on the nba all-time scoring list. on january 27, 2018, anthony became the 21st nba player to score 25,000 career points. in addition, he has 1,693 playoff points. on march 6, 2018, in oklahoma city's game against the houston rockets, anthony scored 23 points to move past nba legend jerry west into the top 20 in the nba career scoring list as he now has a total of 25,210 as compared to west's 25,192 total points. on march 19, 2018, in a 132-125 victory over the toronto raptors, anthony scored 15 points to up his career total to 25,289 thereby moving past reggie miller into 19th place in the nba career scoring ladder. ::question:: what is the name of his coach? 
::context:: on may 25, 1836, the whitmans, and a group of other missionaries including henry and eliza spalding, joined a caravan of fur traders and traveled west. the fur company caravan was led by the mountain men milton sublette and thomas fitzpatrick. the fur traders had seven covered wagons, each pulled by six mules. an additional cart drawn by two mules carried milton sublette, who had lost a leg a year earlier and walked on a "cork" one made by a friend. the combined group arrived at the fur-traders' annual rendezvous on july 6. the group established several missions as well as whitman's settlement at a cayuse settlement called waiilatpu (why-ee-laht-poo) in the cayuse language, meaning "place of the rye grass". it was located just west of the northern end of the blue mountains. the present-day city of walla walla, washington developed six miles to the east. the settlement was in the territory of both the cayuse and the nez perce tribes. whitman farmed and provided medical care, while narcissa set up a school for the native american children. in 1843, whitman traveled east, and on his return, he helped lead the first large group of wagon trains west from fort hall, in southeastern idaho. known as the "great emigration", it established the viability of the oregon trail for later homesteaders. not having much success with converting the cayuse, the whitmans gave more attention to the settlers. they took in children to their own home and established a boarding school for settlers' children. ::question:: why did whitman make his way west? 
::context:: by the 1980s little had turned to full-time acting, making his theatre debut in black cockatoos before appearing in director wim wenders' 1991 film until the end of the world. as well as appearing in tracy moffatt's the night cries and andrew schultz's opera black river, his teaching and community work earned him the title of naidoc aboriginal of the year in 1989. after winning that award little returned to working in the music industry. in 1992, little performed at the tamworth on parade and kings of country roadshows before releasing his 14th album, yorta yorta man, in 1994. the same year, he was inducted into tamworth's country music roll of renown, the highest honour an australian country music artist can achieve. messenger, a collection of contemporary songs reinterpreted through little's smooth vocals, was released in june 1999 and peaked at no. 26 nationally, selling over 20,000 copies. it had been organised by brendan gallagher (from karma county) and featured covers of well-known songs by australian artists: "(are you) the one i've been waiting for?" by nick cave, "the way i made you feel" by ed kuepper and "randwick bells" by paul kelly. at the aria music awards of 1999 messenger won best adult contemporary album and little was inducted into the aria hall of fame. at the deadly awards of 1999 - the annual aboriginal and torres strait islander music awards - he won best male artist of the year and best single release of the year. by 2001 messenger was certified by aria with a gold record for shipments of 35,000 units. ::question:: did he win anything 
::context:: in 1968, bowie wrote the lyrics "even a fool learns to love", set to the music of a 1967 french song "comme d'habitude", composed by claude francois and jacques revaux. bowie's version was never released, but paul anka bought the rights to the original french version and rewrote it into "my way", the song made famous by frank sinatra in a 1969 recording on his album of the same name. the success of the anka version prompted bowie to write "life on mars?" as a parody of sinatra's recording. in notes for iselect, a compilation that accompanied a june 2008 issue of the mail on sunday, bowie described how he wrote the song: workspace was a big empty room with a chaise longue; a bargain-price art nouveau screen ("william morris," so i told anyone who asked); a huge overflowing freestanding ashtray and a grand piano. little else. i started working it out on the piano and had the whole lyric and melody finished by late afternoon. bowie noted that wakeman "embellished the piano part" of his original melody and guitarist mick ronson "created one of his first and best string parts" for the song. the liner notes for hunky dory indicate that the song was "inspired by frankie". one reviewer suggested the song was written after "a brief and painful affair" with actress hermione farthingale. while on tour in 1990, bowie introduced the song by saying "you fall in love, you write a love song. this is a love song." ::question:: where did the song originate? 
::context:: in the late 1930s parker began to practice diligently. during this period he mastered improvisation and developed some of the ideas that led to bebop. in an interview with paul desmond, he said that he spent three to four years practicing up to 15 hours a day. bands led by count basie and bennie moten certainly influenced parker. he played with local bands in jazz clubs around kansas city, missouri, where he perfected his technique, with the assistance of buster smith, whose dynamic transitions to double and triple time influenced parker's developing style. in 1937, parker played at a jam session at the reno club in kansas city. his attempt to improvise failed when he lost track of the chord changes. this prompted jo jones, the drummer for count basie's orchestra, to contemptuously throw a cymbal at his feet as a signal to leave the stage. however, rather than discouraging parker, the incident caused him to vow to practice harder, and turned out to be a seminal moment in the young musician's career when he returned as a new man a year later. in 1938 parker joined pianist jay mcshann's territory band. the band toured nightclubs and other venues of the southwest, as well as chicago and new york city. parker made his professional recording debut with mcshann's band. as a teenager, parker developed a morphine addiction while hospitalized after an automobile accident, and subsequently became addicted to heroin. he continued using heroin throughout his life, and it ultimately contributed to his death. ::question:: are there any other interesting aspects about this article? 
::context:: mccovey returned to the giants in 1977. with hank aaron and frank robinson having retired at the end of the 1976 season with 755 and 586 home runs respectively, mccovey began 1977 as the active home run leader with 465. that year, during a june 27 game against the cincinnati reds, he became the first player to hit two home runs in one inning twice in his career (the first was on april 12, 1973), a feat since accomplished by only andre dawson and jeff king. one was a grand slam and he became the first national leaguer to hit seventeen. at age 39, he had 28 home runs and 86 rbi and was named the comeback player of the year. on june 30, 1978, at atlanta's fulton county stadium, mccovey hit his 500th home run, and two years later, on may 3, 1980, at montreal's olympic stadium, mccovey hit his 521st and last home run, off scott sanderson of the montreal expos. this home run gave mccovey the distinction, along with ted williams (with whom he was tied in home runs), rickey henderson, and omar vizquel of homering in four different decades: the 1950s, 60s, 70s, and 80s. mccovey is one of only 29 players in baseball history to date to have appeared in major league baseball games in four decades. in his 22-year career, mccovey batted .270, with 521 home runs and 1,555 rbi, 1,229 runs scored, 2,211 hits, 353 doubles, 46 triples, a .374 on-base percentage and a .515 slugging percentage. he also hit 18 grand slam home runs in his career, which is still a national league record. ::question:: why did willie mccovey return to san francisco? 
::context:: on january 24, 2013, martinez joined the boston red sox as a special assistant to general manager ben cherington. martinez was elected to the national baseball hall of fame in january 2015 with 91.1% of the votes. his hall of fame plaque will have the cap of the boston red sox. "i cannot be any prouder to take red sox nation to the hall of fame with the logo on my plaque", martinez said in a statement. "i am extremely proud to represent boston and all of new england with my hall of fame career. i'm grateful to all of the teams for which i played, and especially fans, for making this amazing honor come true." in 2015, martinez was hired by the mlb network as a studio analyst and also released an autobiography, pedro, which he coauthored with michael silverman of the boston herald. reflecting on his career, he named barry bonds, edgar martinez, derek jeter, kenny lofton and ichiro suzuki as the most difficult hitters he had to face. on june 22, 2015, it was announced that martinez' number 45 would be retired by the red sox on july 28, two days after his hall of fame induction. red sox principal owner john henry stated, "to be elected into the baseball hall of fame upon his first year of eligibility speaks volumes regarding pedro's outstanding career, and is a testament to the respect and admiration so many in baseball have for him." on february 1, 2018, martinez was announced as part of the 2018 induction class for the canadian baseball hall of fame. ::question:: when did pedro martinez retire from baseball? 
::context:: in 1961, rick nielsen began playing locally in rockford, illinois using an ever-increasing collection of rare and valuable guitars. he formed several local bands with names like the boyz and the grim reapers. brad carlson, later known as bun e. carlos, played in a rival rockford band, the pagans. finally, nielsen formed fuse in 1967 with tom peterson, later known as tom petersson, who had played in yet another local band called the bo weevils. fuse released a self-titled album for epic records in 1970, which was generally ignored. frustrated by their lack of success, fuse recruited the two remaining members of nazz in 1970 and ended up playing around the midwest for 6-7 months under two monikers, fuse or nazz, depending on where they were gigging. with bun e. carlos joining on drums, fuse moved to philadelphia in 1971. they began calling themselves "sick man of europe" in 1972-1973. after a european tour in 1973, nielsen and petersson returned to rockford and reunited with carlos. randy "xeno" hogan was the original lead singer for cheap trick. he left the band shortly after its formation and was replaced by robin zander. the name was inspired by the band's attendance of a slade concert, where petersson commented that the band used "every cheap trick in the book" as part of their act. the band recorded (with hogan) a demo, "hot tomato", around mid 1974, parts of which would form "i'll be with you tonight", which was first called "tonight, tonight" (and a slightly different structure), and "takin' me back". ::question:: did the band begin in 1969? 
::context:: distorted views of charcot as harsh and tyrannical have arisen from some sources that rely on a fanciful autobiographical novel by axel munthe, the story of san michele (1929). munthe claimed to have been charcot's assistant, but in fact, munthe was just a medical student among hundreds of others. munthe's most direct contact with charcot was when munthe helped a young female patient "escape" from a ward of the hospital and took her into his home. charcot threatened to report this to the police, and ordered that munthe not be allowed on the wards of the hospital again. in a 1931 letter to the new york times book review, charcot's son jean-baptiste charcot, who had, himself, been a formal student of his father at the salpetriere, emphatically stated: i can certify that dr munthe never was trained by my father"; and, further, that "[although munthe] may have [incidentally] followed, like hundreds of others, some courses of charcot, ...he was not trained by him and certainly never had the intimacy of which he boasts [in his recently reviewed work, memories and vagaries]. ...i was, myself, a student at the salpetriere then, and can certify that he was not one of his students and that my father never knew him. everything he says about professor charcot is false.... bengt jangfeldt, in his 2008 biography, axel munthe: the road to san michele, states that "charcot is not mentioned in a single letter of axel's out of the hundreds that have been preserved from his paris years" (p. 96). ::question:: did charcot do anything that stood out in this period? 
::context:: hartson turned professional in 1992 and made his luton town first team debut as a substitute in a 1-0 league cup defeat to cambridge united on 24 august 1993. in january 1995, at 19, he joined arsenal for ps2.5 million, a british record fee for a teenage player at the time. along with chris kiwomya, hartson was one of george graham's last signings before the manager's sacking in february 1995. he made his arsenal debut on 14 january 1995, a 1-1 home draw with everton, and scored his first goal for the club the following week, the only goal in a 1-0 away win at coventry city. he was a regular for the remainder of his first season, a highlight of which was scoring arsenal's 75th-minute equaliser in the 1995 uefa cup winners' cup final against real zaragoza; however a last-minute goal from 40 yards by nayim over david seaman meant arsenal lost the game 2-1. he was strike-partner to ian wright, being favoured ahead of kevin campbell to fill the gap left by the injured alan smith, who would retire at the end of the season. following the signing of dennis bergkamp, who was preferred up front to partner wright, hartson went on to feature under graham's successors bruce rioch and arsene wenger. with wenger wanting him to stay at the club, hartson though in february 1997 linked up with west ham united in a ps3.2 million deal. at the time, he was the most expensive player to be signed by west ham.the deal was initially reported to be worth ps5 million. in total, hartson played 53 times for arsenal, scoring 14 goals. ::question:: did john hartson play for arsenal? 
::context:: mccovey returned to the giants in 1977. with hank aaron and frank robinson having retired at the end of the 1976 season with 755 and 586 home runs respectively, mccovey began 1977 as the active home run leader with 465. that year, during a june 27 game against the cincinnati reds, he became the first player to hit two home runs in one inning twice in his career (the first was on april 12, 1973), a feat since accomplished by only andre dawson and jeff king. one was a grand slam and he became the first national leaguer to hit seventeen. at age 39, he had 28 home runs and 86 rbi and was named the comeback player of the year. on june 30, 1978, at atlanta's fulton county stadium, mccovey hit his 500th home run, and two years later, on may 3, 1980, at montreal's olympic stadium, mccovey hit his 521st and last home run, off scott sanderson of the montreal expos. this home run gave mccovey the distinction, along with ted williams (with whom he was tied in home runs), rickey henderson, and omar vizquel of homering in four different decades: the 1950s, 60s, 70s, and 80s. mccovey is one of only 29 players in baseball history to date to have appeared in major league baseball games in four decades. in his 22-year career, mccovey batted .270, with 521 home runs and 1,555 rbi, 1,229 runs scored, 2,211 hits, 353 doubles, 46 triples, a .374 on-base percentage and a .515 slugging percentage. he also hit 18 grand slam home runs in his career, which is still a national league record. ::question:: are there any other important information regarding this? 
::context:: hartson turned professional in 1992 and made his luton town first team debut as a substitute in a 1-0 league cup defeat to cambridge united on 24 august 1993. in january 1995, at 19, he joined arsenal for ps2.5 million, a british record fee for a teenage player at the time. along with chris kiwomya, hartson was one of george graham's last signings before the manager's sacking in february 1995. he made his arsenal debut on 14 january 1995, a 1-1 home draw with everton, and scored his first goal for the club the following week, the only goal in a 1-0 away win at coventry city. he was a regular for the remainder of his first season, a highlight of which was scoring arsenal's 75th-minute equaliser in the 1995 uefa cup winners' cup final against real zaragoza; however a last-minute goal from 40 yards by nayim over david seaman meant arsenal lost the game 2-1. he was strike-partner to ian wright, being favoured ahead of kevin campbell to fill the gap left by the injured alan smith, who would retire at the end of the season. following the signing of dennis bergkamp, who was preferred up front to partner wright, hartson went on to feature under graham's successors bruce rioch and arsene wenger. with wenger wanting him to stay at the club, hartson though in february 1997 linked up with west ham united in a ps3.2 million deal. at the time, he was the most expensive player to be signed by west ham.the deal was initially reported to be worth ps5 million. in total, hartson played 53 times for arsenal, scoring 14 goals. ::question:: what position did he play at arsenal? 
::context:: winchell was born in new york city, the son of jennie (bakst) and jacob winchell, a salesman; they were russian jewish immigrants. he left school in the sixth grade and started performing in gus edwards's vaudeville troupe known as the "newsboys sextet", which also included george jessel. he began his career in journalism by posting notes about his acting troupe on backstage bulletin boards. he joined the vaudeville news in 1920, then left the paper for the evening graphic in 1924, where his column was named mainly about mainstreeters. he was hired on june 10, 1929, by the new york daily mirror, where he finally became the author of the first syndicated gossip column, entitled on-broadway. the column was syndicated by king features syndicate. he used connections in the entertainment, social, and governmental realms to expose exciting or embarrassing information about celebrities in those industries. this caused him to become very feared as a journalist because he routinely would affect the lives of famous or powerful people, exposing alleged information and rumors about them, using this as ammunition to attack his enemies and to blackmail influential people. he used this power, trading positive mention in his column (and later, his radio show) for more rumors and secrets. he made his radio debut over wabc in new york, a cbs affiliate, on may 12, 1930. the show, entitled saks on broadway, was a 15-minute feature that provided business news about broadway. he switched to wjz (later renamed wabc) and the nbc blue (later abc radio) in 1932 for the jergens journal. ::question:: what media outlet he joined to do this? 
::context:: following the release of i stand alone, faltskog had a 17-year hiatus from the music industry, during which she made few public appearances and devoted much of her time to astrology, yoga and horse riding at her isolated country house in ekero. in 1990, faltskog married swedish surgeon tomas sonnenfeld, but the couple divorced in 1993. in 1994, faltskog's mother committed suicide by jumping from her jonkoping apartment balcony. faltskog's resulting depression worsened a year later when her father died. in 1997, faltskog started a relationship with a dutch forklift driver, gert van der graaf, who had been stalking her home and was apparently obsessed with her since his childhood. after faltskog decided to terminate the relationship two years later, he stalked her further at her mansion, resulting in a court issuing van der graaf with a restraining order and deporting him to the netherlands in 2000. returning close to her home in 2003, he was arrested and then banned from entering sweden. in 2005, the ban order from sweden ran out, and within months van der graaf was again sighted near faltskog's estate in ekero. in 1996, her autobiography som jag ar was published in swedish (and in english the following year titled as i am), followed by several compilation cds of her swedish and english recordings, including one called my love, my life for which faltskog picked out the music herself. fans welcomed the autobiography. the book was updated in 1998 and released worldwide via virgin publishing, selling over 50,000 copies. ::question:: why did faltskog take a hiatus? 
::context:: white has long been a proponent of analog equipment and the associated working methods. beginning in the fifth grade, he and his childhood friend, dominic suchyta, would listen to records in white's attic on weekends and began to record cover songs on an old four-track reel to reel tape machine. the white stripes' first album was largely recorded in the attic of his parents' home. as their fame grew beyond detroit, the stripes became known for their affected innocence and stripped-down playing style. in particular, white became distinguished for his nasal vocal delivery and loose, explosive guitar delivery. in an early new york times concert review from 2001, ann powers said that, while white's playing was "ingenious," he "created more challenges by playing an acoustic guitar with paper taped over the hole and a less-than-high-quality solid body electric." his home studio in nashville contains two rooms ("i want everyone close, focused, feeling like we're in it together.") with two pieces of equipment: a neve mixing console, and two studer a800 2-inch 8-track tape recorders. in his introduction in the documentary film, it might get loud, white showcases his minimalist style by constructing a guitar built out of a plank of wood, three nails, a glass coke bottle, a guitar string, and a pickup. he ends the demonstration by saying, "who says you need to buy a guitar?" in a 2012 episode of the show, portlandia, white made a cameo in a sketch spoofing home studio enthusiasts who prefer antique recording equipment. ::question:: what does it mean to him? 
::context:: in 1968, bowie wrote the lyrics "even a fool learns to love", set to the music of a 1967 french song "comme d'habitude", composed by claude francois and jacques revaux. bowie's version was never released, but paul anka bought the rights to the original french version and rewrote it into "my way", the song made famous by frank sinatra in a 1969 recording on his album of the same name. the success of the anka version prompted bowie to write "life on mars?" as a parody of sinatra's recording. in notes for iselect, a compilation that accompanied a june 2008 issue of the mail on sunday, bowie described how he wrote the song: workspace was a big empty room with a chaise longue; a bargain-price art nouveau screen ("william morris," so i told anyone who asked); a huge overflowing freestanding ashtray and a grand piano. little else. i started working it out on the piano and had the whole lyric and melody finished by late afternoon. bowie noted that wakeman "embellished the piano part" of his original melody and guitarist mick ronson "created one of his first and best string parts" for the song. the liner notes for hunky dory indicate that the song was "inspired by frankie". one reviewer suggested the song was written after "a brief and painful affair" with actress hermione farthingale. while on tour in 1990, bowie introduced the song by saying "you fall in love, you write a love song. this is a love song." ::question:: what happened next? 
::context:: the rocks on the plains of gusev are a type of basalt. they contain the minerals olivine, pyroxene, plagioclase, and magnetite, and they look like volcanic basalt as they are fine-grained with irregular holes (geologists would say they have vesicles and vugs). much of the soil on the plains came from the breakdown of the local rocks. fairly high levels of nickel were found in some soils; probably from meteorites. analysis shows that the rocks have been slightly altered by tiny amounts of water. outside coatings and cracks inside the rocks suggest water deposited minerals, maybe bromine compounds. all the rocks contain a fine coating of dust and one or more harder rinds of material. one type can be brushed off, while another needed to be ground off by the rock abrasion tool (rat). there are a variety of rocks in the columbia hills, some of which have been altered by water, but not by very much water. the dust in gusev crater is the same as dust all around the planet. all the dust was found to be magnetic. moreover, spirit found the magnetism was caused by the mineral magnetite, especially magnetite that contained the element titanium. one magnet was able to completely divert all dust hence all martian dust is thought to be magnetic. the spectra of the dust was similar to spectra of bright, low thermal inertia regions like tharsis and arabia that have been detected by orbiting satellites. a thin layer of dust, maybe less than one millimeter thick covers all surfaces. something in it contains a small amount of chemically bound water. ::question:: where were these rocks found? 
::context:: the rocks on the plains of gusev are a type of basalt. they contain the minerals olivine, pyroxene, plagioclase, and magnetite, and they look like volcanic basalt as they are fine-grained with irregular holes (geologists would say they have vesicles and vugs). much of the soil on the plains came from the breakdown of the local rocks. fairly high levels of nickel were found in some soils; probably from meteorites. analysis shows that the rocks have been slightly altered by tiny amounts of water. outside coatings and cracks inside the rocks suggest water deposited minerals, maybe bromine compounds. all the rocks contain a fine coating of dust and one or more harder rinds of material. one type can be brushed off, while another needed to be ground off by the rock abrasion tool (rat). there are a variety of rocks in the columbia hills, some of which have been altered by water, but not by very much water. the dust in gusev crater is the same as dust all around the planet. all the dust was found to be magnetic. moreover, spirit found the magnetism was caused by the mineral magnetite, especially magnetite that contained the element titanium. one magnet was able to completely divert all dust hence all martian dust is thought to be magnetic. the spectra of the dust was similar to spectra of bright, low thermal inertia regions like tharsis and arabia that have been detected by orbiting satellites. a thin layer of dust, maybe less than one millimeter thick covers all surfaces. something in it contains a small amount of chemically bound water. ::question:: what materials do martian rocks contain? 
::context:: like many other reality tv shows, dancing on ice has had a number of supplementary shows. the first was dancing on ice defrosted. it was presented by stephen mulhern and aired on itv2 immediately after the main itv show and again after the results show. the show featured opinions from celebrity guests and past contestants as well as from torvill and dean, the judges, presenters and competitors. judge nicky slater also offered in-depth analysis of various performances using the latest video technology that the judges use to judge performances. the second spin-off show was originally called dancing on ice extra and was presented by andi peters and andrea mclean, both competitors in the first series. midway through the first series paul o'grady left itv to join channel 4 meaning that itv had no show to put on air at 5 pm. the format of dancing on ice defrosted was modified so that it could be broadcast every weekday. due to andrea's maternity leave during the second series she did not return to present the show and therefore ben shephard joined the show as the anchor presenter, and, unlike during the previous, series andi peters was now a roving reporter around the studio. for its second run the show was renamed dancing on ice exclusive. neither of these first two spin-off shows returned in 2008 nor 2009. in 2010 it was announced that a new spin-off show would accompany dancing on ice, named dancing on ice friday, presented by ben shephard and coleen nolan. ::question:: which spin-off was most popular? 
::context:: on 18 september 1877 in benalla, kelly, while drunk, was arrested for riding over a footpath and locked-up for the night. the next day, while he was escorted by four policemen, he absconded and ran, taking refuge in a shoemaker's shop. the police and the shop owner tried to handcuff him but failed. during the struggle kelly's trousers were ripped off. trying to get kelly to submit and taking advantage of his torn trousers, the irish-born constable thomas lonigan, whom kelly later murdered at stringybark creek, "black-balled" him (grabbed and squeezed his testicles). during the struggle, a miller walked in, and on seeing the behaviour of the police said "you should be ashamed of yourselves". he then tried to pacify the situation and induced kelly to put on the handcuffs. kelly was charged with being drunk and assaulting police, and fined l3 1s, which included damage to the uniforms. kelly said about the incident, "it was in the course of this attempted arrest fitzpatrick endeavoured to catch hold of me by the foot, and in the struggle he tore the sole and heel of my boot clean off. with one well-directed blow, i sent him sprawling against the wall, and the staggering blow i then gave him partly accounts to me for his subsequent conduct towards my family and myself". it is reported that in the aftermath, kelly ominously foreshadowed the crime that would eventually sentence him to death, and told lonigan, "well, lonigan, i never shot a man yet. but if ever i do, so help me god, you'll be the first". ::question:: did he have any other run ins with the police? 
::context:: distorted views of charcot as harsh and tyrannical have arisen from some sources that rely on a fanciful autobiographical novel by axel munthe, the story of san michele (1929). munthe claimed to have been charcot's assistant, but in fact, munthe was just a medical student among hundreds of others. munthe's most direct contact with charcot was when munthe helped a young female patient "escape" from a ward of the hospital and took her into his home. charcot threatened to report this to the police, and ordered that munthe not be allowed on the wards of the hospital again. in a 1931 letter to the new york times book review, charcot's son jean-baptiste charcot, who had, himself, been a formal student of his father at the salpetriere, emphatically stated: i can certify that dr munthe never was trained by my father"; and, further, that "[although munthe] may have [incidentally] followed, like hundreds of others, some courses of charcot, ...he was not trained by him and certainly never had the intimacy of which he boasts [in his recently reviewed work, memories and vagaries]. ...i was, myself, a student at the salpetriere then, and can certify that he was not one of his students and that my father never knew him. everything he says about professor charcot is false.... bengt jangfeldt, in his 2008 biography, axel munthe: the road to san michele, states that "charcot is not mentioned in a single letter of axel's out of the hundreds that have been preserved from his paris years" (p. 96). ::question:: what were his views on charcot? 
::context:: kinison acquired much of his material from his difficult first two marriages, to patricia adkins (1975-1980) and terry marze (1981-1989). he began a relationship with dancer malika souiri toward the end of his marriage with marze. in 1990, souiri alleged she was raped by a man kinison had hired as a bodyguard that same day, while kinison was asleep in the house. the bodyguard stated that the sex was consensual; the jury deadlocked in the subsequent trial and the charges were later dropped. on april 4, 1992, six days before his death, kinison married souiri at the candlelight chapel in las vegas. they honeymooned in hawaii for five days before returning home to los angeles on april 10 to prepare for a show that night at the riverside resort hotel and casino in laughlin, nevada. souiri sued kinison's brother bill in 1995 for allegedly defaming her in his book brother sam: the short spectacular life of sam kinison, and then again in 2009 for allegedly forging sam's will. in february 2011, the toronto sun reported that kinison had fathered a child with the wife of his best friend and opening act, carl labove, who had been paying child support for the girl for nearly 13 years. labove filed legal papers claiming the girl was kinison's, and dna tests taken from kinison's brother bill show a 99.8% likelihood that kinison was the father of the unnamed woman, who was 21 at the time of the toronto sun story, and excluded labove as her father. ::question:: what did he do in his personal life? 
::context:: each week the celebrities and their partners perform a live ice dance routine. the four/five (as of series 8) judges (commonly known as the ice panel) judge each performance and give a mark between 0.0 and 10.0 (0.0 to 6.0 between series 1 and 5), depending on the performance. these total scores then create a leaderboard which combines with the public vote in order to determine the two lowest placed couples. as this is the case, the pair with the lowest score from the judges can avoid being in the bottom two if the public vote for them. once the scores and votes are combined to form the final leaderboard for that week's show, the two/three couples at the bottom compete in a final showdown known as the "skate off", where they perform their routine again. once the couples have performed their routines for the judging panel, the judges decide on who deserves to stay and cast their votes, based on their second performance. the couple with the most votes from the judges receives a place in the following week's show, while the couple with the fewest votes leaves the competition. one couple leaves each week, but in series 7, two couples left in one week, due to numbering issues. a live reunion special was staged one week after the end of each season, with all celebrities talking about their experiences during the season, and answering questions from a live studio audience. torvil and dean themselves then made a special in-studio appearance towards the end, thanking the contestants, hosts and judges, and of course, the home viewers for their votes. ::question:: what else happens with the show's format? 
::context:: each week the celebrities and their partners perform a live ice dance routine. the four/five (as of series 8) judges (commonly known as the ice panel) judge each performance and give a mark between 0.0 and 10.0 (0.0 to 6.0 between series 1 and 5), depending on the performance. these total scores then create a leaderboard which combines with the public vote in order to determine the two lowest placed couples. as this is the case, the pair with the lowest score from the judges can avoid being in the bottom two if the public vote for them. once the scores and votes are combined to form the final leaderboard for that week's show, the two/three couples at the bottom compete in a final showdown known as the "skate off", where they perform their routine again. once the couples have performed their routines for the judging panel, the judges decide on who deserves to stay and cast their votes, based on their second performance. the couple with the most votes from the judges receives a place in the following week's show, while the couple with the fewest votes leaves the competition. one couple leaves each week, but in series 7, two couples left in one week, due to numbering issues. a live reunion special was staged one week after the end of each season, with all celebrities talking about their experiences during the season, and answering questions from a live studio audience. torvil and dean themselves then made a special in-studio appearance towards the end, thanking the contestants, hosts and judges, and of course, the home viewers for their votes. ::question:: what happened during the live show? 
::context:: on september 25, 2017, anthony was traded to the thunder in exchange for enes kanter, doug mcdermott and a 2018 second-round pick. on november 9, 2017, with only 12 points needed to move up in the rankings, anthony passed allen iverson on the nba all-time scoring list and moved to the 24th spot. he finished the game with 28 points. on november 26, 2017, anthony passed ray allen on the nba all-time scoring list and moved to 23rd place. on december 11, 2017, anthony passed vince carter for 22nd on the nba all-time scoring list. on january 4, 2018, in oklahoma city's game against the los angeles clippers as part of their la back-to-back (on january 3 they beat the la lakers 133-96), anthony scored 22 points moving past the new york knick's patrick ewing into 21st place on the nba all-time scoring list. on january 27, 2018, anthony became the 21st nba player to score 25,000 career points. in addition, he has 1,693 playoff points. on march 6, 2018, in oklahoma city's game against the houston rockets, anthony scored 23 points to move past nba legend jerry west into the top 20 in the nba career scoring list as he now has a total of 25,210 as compared to west's 25,192 total points. on march 19, 2018, in a 132-125 victory over the toronto raptors, anthony scored 15 points to up his career total to 25,289 thereby moving past reggie miller into 19th place in the nba career scoring ladder. ::question:: what are some of the performance stats of carmelo on the team? 
::context:: born in hackney, smith grew up in clapton. he purchased his first record, deep purple's machine head, at the age of 15. this led him to befriend dave murray, with whom he formed a band called stone free, which comprised murray on guitar, smith on vocals and their friend, dave mccloughlin, playing the bongos. after seeing the attention murray received from girls, smith took up the guitar, starting with an old spanish guitar once owned by his brother, before purchasing an old one of murray's for ps5. his early influences included johnny winter and pat travers, which he claims made him a "melodic player" rather than a "speed merchant or a shredder" as he "was inspired by blues rock rather than metal." leaving school after completing his o-levels, smith formed a band called evil ways, including dave murray on guitar, which was later renamed urchin. smith began writing his own material, including "22 acacia avenue", which was later included on iron maiden's the number of the beast (1982). at this point, murray left the band to join iron maiden and urchin signed with djm records and released a single, "black leather fantasy", in 1977. shortly afterwards, murray joined urchin on their next single, "she's a roller", as he had been sacked from iron maiden after a row with then vocalist dennis wilcock, although he was reinstated six months later. smith was also offered a place in iron maiden while they were in the process of signing with emi in 1979, but turned them down to continue with his own band, a decision he later regretted as urchin split up in 1980. ::question:: was he in any bands as a teenager? 
::context:: in the early 1880s, sun mei sent his brother to `iolani school, which was under the supervision of british anglicans and directed by an anglican prelate named alfred willis. the language of instruction was english. although bishop willis emphasized that no one was forced to accept christianity, the students were required to attend chapel on sunday. at iolani school, young sun wen first came in contact with christianity, and it made a deep impression on him. schriffin writes that christianity was to have a great influence on sun's whole future political life. sun was later baptized in hong kong (on may 4, 1884) by rev. c. r. hager an american missionary of the congregational church of the united states (abcfm) to his brother's disdain. the minister would also develop a friendship with sun. sun attended to tsai church (dao ji hui tang ), founded by the london missionary society in 1888, while he studied western medicine in hong kong college of medicine for chinese. sun pictured a revolution as similar to the salvation mission of the christian church. his conversion to christianity was related to his revolutionary ideals and push for advancement. in 1924 liao chongzhen, a prominent and influential government official of the day, arranged a meeting between sun and martha root, a well-known journalist and traveling teacher of the baha'i faith in the late 19th and early 20th century. in this meeting sun came into contact with the teachings of the baha'i faith, expressing his appreciation for the cause and declaring it "highly relevant to the needs of china." ::question:: who baptized him? 
::context:: in his later career, herschel discovered two moons of saturn, mimas and enceladus; as well as two moons of uranus, titania and oberon. he did not give these moons their names; they were named by his son john in 1847 and 1852, respectively, after his death. herschel measured the axial tilt of mars and discovered that the martian ice caps, first observed by giovanni domenico cassini (1666) and christiaan huygens (1672), changed size with that planet's seasons. it has been suggested that herschel might have discovered rings around uranus. herschel introduced but did not create the word "asteroid", meaning star-like (from the greek asteroeides, aster "star" + -eidos "form, shape"), in 1802 (shortly after olbers discovered the second minor planet, 2 pallas, in late march), to describe the star-like appearance of the small moons of the giant planets and of the minor planets; the planets all show discs, by comparison. by the 1850s 'asteroid' became a standard term for describing certain minor planets. from studying the proper motion of stars, the nature and extent of the solar motion was first demonstrated by herschel in 1783, along with first determining the direction for the solar apex to lambda herculis, only 10deg away from today's accepted position. he also studied the structure of the milky way and concluded that it was in the shape of a disk. he incorrectly assumed the sun was in the centre of the disc, a theory known as galactocentrism, which was eventually corrected by the findings of harlow shapley in 1918. ::question:: did he work with any other astronomers? 
::context:: although styling himself as a man of peace and a willing negotiator, rajapaksa signaled his intention to end the peace process once in power by forging an alliance with the sinhalese nationalist janatha vimukthi peramuna and the jathika hela urumaya. the jvp had opposed the original 2002 peace process as treasonous. the agreement made with rajapaksa included provisions which called for a revision of the ceasefire agreement to give the military broader powers against the ltte, as well as ruling out of any devolution of power to the tamil people. furthermore, the cessation of aid to the tsunami struck ltte occupied areas, and the sidelining of the norwegian facilitators due to their alleged bias were included. immediately following his election victory, a series of mine blasts blamed on the ltte in the country claimed the lives of many off-duty servicemen and civilians, pushing the country back to the brink of war. following the closure by the ltte of a reservoir supplying water to 15,000 people named "mavil aru" in government controlled areas on 21 july 2006, the sri lankan military launched an offensive against the ltte, bringing the entire reservoir under government control. further military engagements have led to the ltte been driven out of the entire eastern province of sri lanka and loss of 95% of the territory they controlled. the sri lanka government declared total victory on 18 may 2009. on 19 may 2009 president mahinda rajapaksa delivered a victory address to the parliament and declared that sri lanka is liberated from terrorism. ::question:: what was mahinda rajapasksas role in the civil war? 
::context:: on may 25, 1836, the whitmans, and a group of other missionaries including henry and eliza spalding, joined a caravan of fur traders and traveled west. the fur company caravan was led by the mountain men milton sublette and thomas fitzpatrick. the fur traders had seven covered wagons, each pulled by six mules. an additional cart drawn by two mules carried milton sublette, who had lost a leg a year earlier and walked on a "cork" one made by a friend. the combined group arrived at the fur-traders' annual rendezvous on july 6. the group established several missions as well as whitman's settlement at a cayuse settlement called waiilatpu (why-ee-laht-poo) in the cayuse language, meaning "place of the rye grass". it was located just west of the northern end of the blue mountains. the present-day city of walla walla, washington developed six miles to the east. the settlement was in the territory of both the cayuse and the nez perce tribes. whitman farmed and provided medical care, while narcissa set up a school for the native american children. in 1843, whitman traveled east, and on his return, he helped lead the first large group of wagon trains west from fort hall, in southeastern idaho. known as the "great emigration", it established the viability of the oregon trail for later homesteaders. not having much success with converting the cayuse, the whitmans gave more attention to the settlers. they took in children to their own home and established a boarding school for settlers' children. ::question:: were they going out there to be missionaries, too? 
::context:: distorted views of charcot as harsh and tyrannical have arisen from some sources that rely on a fanciful autobiographical novel by axel munthe, the story of san michele (1929). munthe claimed to have been charcot's assistant, but in fact, munthe was just a medical student among hundreds of others. munthe's most direct contact with charcot was when munthe helped a young female patient "escape" from a ward of the hospital and took her into his home. charcot threatened to report this to the police, and ordered that munthe not be allowed on the wards of the hospital again. in a 1931 letter to the new york times book review, charcot's son jean-baptiste charcot, who had, himself, been a formal student of his father at the salpetriere, emphatically stated: i can certify that dr munthe never was trained by my father"; and, further, that "[although munthe] may have [incidentally] followed, like hundreds of others, some courses of charcot, ...he was not trained by him and certainly never had the intimacy of which he boasts [in his recently reviewed work, memories and vagaries]. ...i was, myself, a student at the salpetriere then, and can certify that he was not one of his students and that my father never knew him. everything he says about professor charcot is false.... bengt jangfeldt, in his 2008 biography, axel munthe: the road to san michele, states that "charcot is not mentioned in a single letter of axel's out of the hundreds that have been preserved from his paris years" (p. 96). ::question:: what were some of charcot's distorted views? 
::context:: on january 24, 2013, martinez joined the boston red sox as a special assistant to general manager ben cherington. martinez was elected to the national baseball hall of fame in january 2015 with 91.1% of the votes. his hall of fame plaque will have the cap of the boston red sox. "i cannot be any prouder to take red sox nation to the hall of fame with the logo on my plaque", martinez said in a statement. "i am extremely proud to represent boston and all of new england with my hall of fame career. i'm grateful to all of the teams for which i played, and especially fans, for making this amazing honor come true." in 2015, martinez was hired by the mlb network as a studio analyst and also released an autobiography, pedro, which he coauthored with michael silverman of the boston herald. reflecting on his career, he named barry bonds, edgar martinez, derek jeter, kenny lofton and ichiro suzuki as the most difficult hitters he had to face. on june 22, 2015, it was announced that martinez' number 45 would be retired by the red sox on july 28, two days after his hall of fame induction. red sox principal owner john henry stated, "to be elected into the baseball hall of fame upon his first year of eligibility speaks volumes regarding pedro's outstanding career, and is a testament to the respect and admiration so many in baseball have for him." on february 1, 2018, martinez was announced as part of the 2018 induction class for the canadian baseball hall of fame. ::question:: how long was pedro martinez with the boston red sox? 
::context:: for a brief period in the early 1990s brydon was a presenter for the home shopping network. he began to find small roles in several successful films and television series. in 2000 he made his mark in television comedy, with two series which he co-wrote and performed for the bbc: human remains, co-written by julia davis; and the commercially successful marion and geoff. since these series brydon has developed a career path as a character actor, in both comedic and serious roles. he portrayed controversial theatre critic kenneth tynan in the bbc four film kenneth tynan: in praise of hardcore (2005), opposite julian sands as laurence olivier. his character bryn west in gavin & stacey, written by ruth jones and james corden, allowed him to return to his south wales roots. in this role brydon performed the 2009 comic relief charity single, "(barry) islands in the stream", with ruth jones (both actors appearing as their characters from gavin & stacey) and singer tom jones. it reached no.1 in the uk singles chart on 15 march 2009. in 2010 brydon starred alongside steve coogan in michael winterbottom's partially improvised bbc two sitcom series the trip, in which both actors played fictionalized versions of their public personas (brydon, optimistic and always eager to do an impression; and coogan, misanthropic and bitter that he's not the major international star he believes he should be). brydon's book small man in a book (the title a play on his "small-man-in-a-box" impression) was published in november 2011. ::question:: was it successful? 
::context:: winchell was born in new york city, the son of jennie (bakst) and jacob winchell, a salesman; they were russian jewish immigrants. he left school in the sixth grade and started performing in gus edwards's vaudeville troupe known as the "newsboys sextet", which also included george jessel. he began his career in journalism by posting notes about his acting troupe on backstage bulletin boards. he joined the vaudeville news in 1920, then left the paper for the evening graphic in 1924, where his column was named mainly about mainstreeters. he was hired on june 10, 1929, by the new york daily mirror, where he finally became the author of the first syndicated gossip column, entitled on-broadway. the column was syndicated by king features syndicate. he used connections in the entertainment, social, and governmental realms to expose exciting or embarrassing information about celebrities in those industries. this caused him to become very feared as a journalist because he routinely would affect the lives of famous or powerful people, exposing alleged information and rumors about them, using this as ammunition to attack his enemies and to blackmail influential people. he used this power, trading positive mention in his column (and later, his radio show) for more rumors and secrets. he made his radio debut over wabc in new york, a cbs affiliate, on may 12, 1930. the show, entitled saks on broadway, was a 15-minute feature that provided business news about broadway. he switched to wjz (later renamed wabc) and the nbc blue (later abc radio) in 1932 for the jergens journal. ::question:: how did he do with the troupe? 
::context:: the diary gives a detailed account of pepys' personal life. he liked wine, plays, and the company of other people. he also spent time evaluating his fortune and his place in the world. he was always curious and often acted on that curiosity, as he acted upon almost all his impulses. periodically, he would resolve to devote more time to hard work instead of leisure. for example, in his entry for new year's eve, 1661, he writes: "i have newly taken a solemn oath about abstaining from plays and wine..." the following months reveal his lapses to the reader; by 17 february, it is recorded, "here i drank wine upon necessity, being ill for the want of it." pepys was one of the most important civil servants of his age, and was also a widely cultivated man, taking an interest in books, music, the theatre and science. he was passionately interested in music; he composed, sang, and played for pleasure, and even arranged music lessons for his servants. he played the lute, viol, violin, flageolet, recorder and spinet to varying degrees of proficiency. he was also a keen singer, performing at home, in coffee houses, and even in westminster abbey. he and his wife took flageolet lessons from master thomas greeting. he also taught his wife to sing and paid for dancing lessons for her (although these stopped when he became jealous of the dancing master). pepys was known to be brutal to his servants, once beating a servant jane with a broom until she cried. he kept a boy servant whom he frequently beat with a cane, a birch rod, a whip or a rope's end. ::question:: was he a business man? 
::context:: having learned to play guitar, spector performed "rock island line" in a talent show at fairfax high school, where he was a student. while at fairfax, he joined a loose-knit community of aspiring musicians, including lou adler, bruce johnston, steve douglas, and sandy nelson, the last of whom played drums on spector's first record release, "to know him is to love him". with three friends from high school, marshall leib, sandy nelson, and annette kleinbard, spector formed a group, the teddy bears. during this period, record producer stan ross -- co-owner of gold star studios in hollywood -- began to tutor spector in record production and exerted a major influence on spector's production style. in 1958, the teddy bears recorded the spector-penned "don't you worry my little pet", which helped them secure a deal with era records. at their next session, they recorded another song spector had written--this one inspired by the epitaph on spector's father's tombstone. released on era's subsidiary label, dore records, "to know him is to love him" reached number one on billboard hot 100 singles chart on december 1, 1958, selling over a million copies by year's end. it was the seventh number-one single on the newly formed chart. following the success of their debut, the group signed with imperial records. their next single, "i don't need you anymore", reached number 91. they released several more recordings, including an album, the teddy bears sing!, but failed to reach the top 100 in us sales. the group disbanded in 1959. ::question:: did he perform at local venues? 
::context:: carey is an outspoken libertarian. he has expressed his political philosophy in the following terms: "i believe the answers to all the problems we face as a society won't come from washington, it will come from us. so the way we decide to live our lives and our decisions about what we buy or don't buy are much more important than who we vote for." carey expressed his distaste for the bush administration's management of the iraq war, specifically on the september 14, 2007, episode of real time with bill maher. he made donations to ron paul's presidential campaign for the 2008 election. on the september 26, 2008, episode of the late late show with craig ferguson, carey defined "libertarian" to host craig ferguson as "a conservative who still gets high." in 2016, he supported libertarian party presidential candidate gary johnson in his run for office, and was made an honorary chair of the campaign for california. carey has spoken about his various political beliefs in several interviews, and in 1998, he led a "smoke-in" in defiance of california's newly passed no-smoking ordinance inside bars and restaurants. carey has hosted a series of mini-documentaries called the drew carey project on reason.tv, an online project of reason foundation, a libertarian-oriented nonprofit think tank (for which carey sits as a member of the board of trustees). the first episode, "gridlock", addresses private highway ownership and was released on october 15, 2007. other episodes discuss topics such as eminent domain, urban traffic congestion, and medical marijuana. ::question:: did he have politicians on his show? 
::context:: in 1910, in a party led by irving, mallory and a friend attempted to climb mont velan in the alps, but turned back shortly before the summit due to mallory's altitude sickness. in 1911, mallory climbed mont blanc, as well as making the third ascent of the frontier ridge of mont maudit in a party again led by irving. according to helmut dumler, mallory was "apparently prompted by a friend on the western front in 1916 [to write] a highly emotional article of his ascent of this great climb"; this article was published as "mont blanc from the col du geant by the eastern buttress of mont maudit" in the alpine journal and contained his question, "have we vanquished an enemy?" [i.e., the mountain] to which he responded, "none but ourselves." by 1913, he had ascended pillar rock in the english lake district, with no assistance, by what is now known as "mallory's route"--currently graded hard very severe 5a (american grading 5.9). it is likely to have been the hardest route in britain for many years. one of mallory's closest friends and climbing companions was a young woman named cottie sanders, who became a novelist with the pseudonym of ann bridge. the nature of their relationship is elusive. she was a "climbing friend" or a "casual sweetheart". after mallory died, cottie wrote a memoir of him, which was never published, but nonetheless provided much of the material used by later biographers such as david pye and david robertson and a novel everest dream. ::question:: were they successful in their attempt? 
::context:: jackson was born in birkenhead on the wirral, where her father was a builder, and her mother worked in shops and as a cleaner. jackson was educated at the west kirby county grammar school for girls, and performed at the townswomen's guild drama group during her teens. she worked for two years in a branch of the boots the chemist chain before taking up a scholarship in 1954 to study at the royal academy of dramatic art. jackson made her professional stage debut in terence rattigan's separate tables in 1957 while at rada. and appeared in repertory for the next six years. her film debut was a bit part in this sporting life (1963). a member of the royal shakespeare company for four years from 1964, she originally joined for director peter brook's 'theatre of cruelty' season which included peter weiss' marat/sade (1965) in which she played an inmate of an asylum portraying charlotte corday, the assassin of marat. the production ran on broadway in 1965 and in paris (jackson appeared in the 1967 film version) and jackson also appeared as ophelia in peter hall's production of hamlet in the same year. critic penelope gilliatt thought jackson was the only ophelia she had seen who was ready to play the prince himself. the rsc's staging at the aldwych theatre of us (1966), a protest play against the vietnam war, also featured jackson, and she appeared in its film version, tell me lies. later that year, she starred in the psychological drama negatives (1968), which was not a huge financial success, but won her more good reviews. ::question:: where did she attend school? 
::context:: born in hackney, smith grew up in clapton. he purchased his first record, deep purple's machine head, at the age of 15. this led him to befriend dave murray, with whom he formed a band called stone free, which comprised murray on guitar, smith on vocals and their friend, dave mccloughlin, playing the bongos. after seeing the attention murray received from girls, smith took up the guitar, starting with an old spanish guitar once owned by his brother, before purchasing an old one of murray's for ps5. his early influences included johnny winter and pat travers, which he claims made him a "melodic player" rather than a "speed merchant or a shredder" as he "was inspired by blues rock rather than metal." leaving school after completing his o-levels, smith formed a band called evil ways, including dave murray on guitar, which was later renamed urchin. smith began writing his own material, including "22 acacia avenue", which was later included on iron maiden's the number of the beast (1982). at this point, murray left the band to join iron maiden and urchin signed with djm records and released a single, "black leather fantasy", in 1977. shortly afterwards, murray joined urchin on their next single, "she's a roller", as he had been sacked from iron maiden after a row with then vocalist dennis wilcock, although he was reinstated six months later. smith was also offered a place in iron maiden while they were in the process of signing with emi in 1979, but turned them down to continue with his own band, a decision he later regretted as urchin split up in 1980. ::question:: did he marry during these years? 
::context:: the band released an ep titled fast fuse in late 2007 which featured the songs "fast fuse" and "thick as thieves". both tracks are featured in their third album. kasabian started work on their third album in late 2007 with producer dan the automator. on 5 march 2009, it was revealed that the album title would be west ryder pauper lunatic asylum, with a release date of 8 june 2009. the song "vlad the impaler" was released as a free download for a period of 4 days, as a preview for the album. the promo video for "vlad the impaler" stars noel fielding of the mighty boosh. fielding is a fan of kasabian, and appeared in an nme cover with the band. the album's first single was the track "fire", which was released on 1 june 2009, used as the theme song for the english premier league from the 2010-11 season onward, and the song "where did all the love go?" was released as the second single. the third single "underdog" was used in the movie takers (2010). on 14 june 2009, west ryder pauper lunatic asylum reached no. 1 in the uk albums chart, spending two weeks there. west ryder pauper lunatic asylum was shortlisted for the 2009 mercury prize, and was named 'best album' at the 2009 q awards. the band won "best group" at the 2010 brit awards. at the 2010 q awards the band won the "best act in the world today". the first three albums were released as a box-set called the albums in 2010. ::question:: what was kasabian doing in 2008? 
::context:: mcelhenny gained 11,375 all-purpose yards in his thirteen-year career and retired as one of just three players to eclipse 11,000 yards. he was nicknamed "the king" while with the 49ers because he was "the most feared running back in the nfl." 49ers quarterback frankie albert gave him the nickname in the locker room following mcelhenny's fourth game as a rookie, in which he returned a punt 96 yards for a touchdown against the bears. he was elected to the pro football hall of fame in 1970, an honor he described as the highlight of his life. others inducted in the class were contemporaries jack christiansen, tom fears, and pete pihos. his jersey number 39 is retired by the 49ers, and by virtue of his membership in the pro hall of fame, he was automatically inducted as a charter member of the san francisco 49ers hall of fame in 2009. nfl network ranked him the fourth most elusive runner of all time in 2007. mcelhenny was inducted into state of washington sports hall of fame in 1963 and the college football hall of fame in 1981. as of 2016, his 12 rushing touchdowns in 1950 and 13 in 1951 both remain in the top ten all-time for a washington player in a single season, and his 28 career rushing touchdowns tie him for sixth in school history. on january 20, 1985, mcelhenny participated in the opening coin toss at super bowl xix at stanford stadium, along with u.s. president ronald reagan, who participated by video feed from the white house after having been sworn into his second term of office earlier that day. ::question:: did he win any awards? 
::context:: for a brief period in the early 1990s brydon was a presenter for the home shopping network. he began to find small roles in several successful films and television series. in 2000 he made his mark in television comedy, with two series which he co-wrote and performed for the bbc: human remains, co-written by julia davis; and the commercially successful marion and geoff. since these series brydon has developed a career path as a character actor, in both comedic and serious roles. he portrayed controversial theatre critic kenneth tynan in the bbc four film kenneth tynan: in praise of hardcore (2005), opposite julian sands as laurence olivier. his character bryn west in gavin & stacey, written by ruth jones and james corden, allowed him to return to his south wales roots. in this role brydon performed the 2009 comic relief charity single, "(barry) islands in the stream", with ruth jones (both actors appearing as their characters from gavin & stacey) and singer tom jones. it reached no.1 in the uk singles chart on 15 march 2009. in 2010 brydon starred alongside steve coogan in michael winterbottom's partially improvised bbc two sitcom series the trip, in which both actors played fictionalized versions of their public personas (brydon, optimistic and always eager to do an impression; and coogan, misanthropic and bitter that he's not the major international star he believes he should be). brydon's book small man in a book (the title a play on his "small-man-in-a-box" impression) was published in november 2011. ::question:: what happened after it was published? 
::context:: jackson was born in birkenhead on the wirral, where her father was a builder, and her mother worked in shops and as a cleaner. jackson was educated at the west kirby county grammar school for girls, and performed at the townswomen's guild drama group during her teens. she worked for two years in a branch of the boots the chemist chain before taking up a scholarship in 1954 to study at the royal academy of dramatic art. jackson made her professional stage debut in terence rattigan's separate tables in 1957 while at rada. and appeared in repertory for the next six years. her film debut was a bit part in this sporting life (1963). a member of the royal shakespeare company for four years from 1964, she originally joined for director peter brook's 'theatre of cruelty' season which included peter weiss' marat/sade (1965) in which she played an inmate of an asylum portraying charlotte corday, the assassin of marat. the production ran on broadway in 1965 and in paris (jackson appeared in the 1967 film version) and jackson also appeared as ophelia in peter hall's production of hamlet in the same year. critic penelope gilliatt thought jackson was the only ophelia she had seen who was ready to play the prince himself. the rsc's staging at the aldwych theatre of us (1966), a protest play against the vietnam war, also featured jackson, and she appeared in its film version, tell me lies. later that year, she starred in the psychological drama negatives (1968), which was not a huge financial success, but won her more good reviews. ::question:: when did she begin her acting career? 
::context:: forbes estimated bundchen's 2016 income at $30.5 million. in august 2011, bundchen ranked 60th on the forbes list of the world's 100 most powerful women. she ranked third on the 20 youngest power women of 2011 list at age 31. in 2011 forbes named bundchen and brady as the world's highest paid celebrity couple, beating brad pitt and angelina jolie as well as beyonce and jay-z. in august 2012 she was one of four people in the fashion industry and the only model to be ranked on the forbes list of "the world's most powerful women" at no. 83. she ranked in the top 10 of the forbes list of "entertainment's highest-paid women" in 2012, at no. 8. in july 2007 forbes named her the world's top-earning model. by 2008, she continued to dominate the forbes list of the world's highest-earning models, and appeared on the magazine's list of the top 20 richest women in entertainment. during 2009-2010, she was the top earning supermodel. in 2010, she retained the top spot as forbes's highest-earning model. in may 2011, forbes ranked her as the world's top-earning model for the fifth consecutive time. her earnings climbed over the previous year, thanks to an economic boom in brazil, coupled with a 10 per cent surge in the value of the brazilian real against the dollar. also in 2013 she ranked no. 3 on the 16 most successful female entrepreneurs list by forbes. bundchen, however, disputes the number, telling wsj. magazine in november 2013, "who are they speaking to when they come up with these numbers? not my accountant, that's for sure." ::question:: what does he say? 
::context:: following the release of i stand alone, faltskog had a 17-year hiatus from the music industry, during which she made few public appearances and devoted much of her time to astrology, yoga and horse riding at her isolated country house in ekero. in 1990, faltskog married swedish surgeon tomas sonnenfeld, but the couple divorced in 1993. in 1994, faltskog's mother committed suicide by jumping from her jonkoping apartment balcony. faltskog's resulting depression worsened a year later when her father died. in 1997, faltskog started a relationship with a dutch forklift driver, gert van der graaf, who had been stalking her home and was apparently obsessed with her since his childhood. after faltskog decided to terminate the relationship two years later, he stalked her further at her mansion, resulting in a court issuing van der graaf with a restraining order and deporting him to the netherlands in 2000. returning close to her home in 2003, he was arrested and then banned from entering sweden. in 2005, the ban order from sweden ran out, and within months van der graaf was again sighted near faltskog's estate in ekero. in 1996, her autobiography som jag ar was published in swedish (and in english the following year titled as i am), followed by several compilation cds of her swedish and english recordings, including one called my love, my life for which faltskog picked out the music herself. fans welcomed the autobiography. the book was updated in 1998 and released worldwide via virgin publishing, selling over 50,000 copies. ::question:: why did her mother commit suicide? 
::context:: in april 2010, along with actors brian cox and eleanor bron, mckellen appeared in a series of tv advertisements to support age uk, the charity recently formed from the merger of age concern and help the aged. all three actors gave their time free of charge. a cricket fan since childhood, mckellen umpired in march 2011 for a charity cricket match in new zealand to support earthquake victims of the february 2011 christchurch earthquake. mckellen is an honorary board member for the new york and washington, dc based organization only make believe. only make believe creates and performs interactive plays in children's hospitals and care facilities. he was honoured by the organisation in 2012 and hosted their annual make believe on broadway gala in november 2013. he garnered publicity for the organisation by stripping down to his lord of the rings underwear on stage. mckellen also has a history of supporting individual theatres. while in new zealand filming the hobbit in 2012, he announced a special new zealand tour "shakespeare, tolkien, and you!", with proceeds going to help save the isaac theatre royal, which suffered extensive damage during the 2011 christchurch earthquake. mckellen said he opted to help save the building as it was the last theatre he played in new zealand (waiting for godot in 2010) and the locals' love for it made it a place worth supporting. in july 2017, he performed a new one-man show for a week at park theatre (london), donating the proceeds to the theatre. ::question:: did he do any other charity work? 
::context:: jackson was born in birkenhead on the wirral, where her father was a builder, and her mother worked in shops and as a cleaner. jackson was educated at the west kirby county grammar school for girls, and performed at the townswomen's guild drama group during her teens. she worked for two years in a branch of the boots the chemist chain before taking up a scholarship in 1954 to study at the royal academy of dramatic art. jackson made her professional stage debut in terence rattigan's separate tables in 1957 while at rada. and appeared in repertory for the next six years. her film debut was a bit part in this sporting life (1963). a member of the royal shakespeare company for four years from 1964, she originally joined for director peter brook's 'theatre of cruelty' season which included peter weiss' marat/sade (1965) in which she played an inmate of an asylum portraying charlotte corday, the assassin of marat. the production ran on broadway in 1965 and in paris (jackson appeared in the 1967 film version) and jackson also appeared as ophelia in peter hall's production of hamlet in the same year. critic penelope gilliatt thought jackson was the only ophelia she had seen who was ready to play the prince himself. the rsc's staging at the aldwych theatre of us (1966), a protest play against the vietnam war, also featured jackson, and she appeared in its film version, tell me lies. later that year, she starred in the psychological drama negatives (1968), which was not a huge financial success, but won her more good reviews. ::question:: where was she born? 
::context:: each week the celebrities and their partners perform a live ice dance routine. the four/five (as of series 8) judges (commonly known as the ice panel) judge each performance and give a mark between 0.0 and 10.0 (0.0 to 6.0 between series 1 and 5), depending on the performance. these total scores then create a leaderboard which combines with the public vote in order to determine the two lowest placed couples. as this is the case, the pair with the lowest score from the judges can avoid being in the bottom two if the public vote for them. once the scores and votes are combined to form the final leaderboard for that week's show, the two/three couples at the bottom compete in a final showdown known as the "skate off", where they perform their routine again. once the couples have performed their routines for the judging panel, the judges decide on who deserves to stay and cast their votes, based on their second performance. the couple with the most votes from the judges receives a place in the following week's show, while the couple with the fewest votes leaves the competition. one couple leaves each week, but in series 7, two couples left in one week, due to numbering issues. a live reunion special was staged one week after the end of each season, with all celebrities talking about their experiences during the season, and answering questions from a live studio audience. torvil and dean themselves then made a special in-studio appearance towards the end, thanking the contestants, hosts and judges, and of course, the home viewers for their votes. ::question:: are there judges on the show? 
::context:: perry como credited bing crosby for influencing his voice and style. perry como's voice is widely known for its good-natured vocal acrobatics as portrayed in his highly popular novelty songs such as "hot diggity (dog ziggity boom)", but there was another side to perry como. music critic gene lees describes it in his sleeve note to como's 1968 album look to your heart: despite his immense popularity, como is rarely given credit for what, once you stop and think of it, he so clearly is: one of the great singers and one of the great artists of our time. perhaps the reason people rarely talk about his formidable attributes as a singer is that he makes so little fuss about them. that celebrated ease of his has been too little understood. ease in any art is the result of mastery over the details of the craft. you get them together to the point where you can forget about how you do things and concentrate on what you are doing. como got them together so completely that the muscles don't even show. it seems effortless, but a good deal of effort has gone into making it seem so. como is known to be meticulous about rehearsal of the material for an album. he tries things out in different keys, gives the song thought, makes suggestions, tries it again, and again, until he is satisfied. the hidden work makes him look like mr. casual, and too many people are taken in by it -- but happily so. -gene lees-sleeve note, look to your heart from 1989 until his death in 2001, como co-hosted a weekly syndicated radio show with john knox, called weekend with perry. ::question:: what were his vocal characteristics? 
::context:: kinison acquired much of his material from his difficult first two marriages, to patricia adkins (1975-1980) and terry marze (1981-1989). he began a relationship with dancer malika souiri toward the end of his marriage with marze. in 1990, souiri alleged she was raped by a man kinison had hired as a bodyguard that same day, while kinison was asleep in the house. the bodyguard stated that the sex was consensual; the jury deadlocked in the subsequent trial and the charges were later dropped. on april 4, 1992, six days before his death, kinison married souiri at the candlelight chapel in las vegas. they honeymooned in hawaii for five days before returning home to los angeles on april 10 to prepare for a show that night at the riverside resort hotel and casino in laughlin, nevada. souiri sued kinison's brother bill in 1995 for allegedly defaming her in his book brother sam: the short spectacular life of sam kinison, and then again in 2009 for allegedly forging sam's will. in february 2011, the toronto sun reported that kinison had fathered a child with the wife of his best friend and opening act, carl labove, who had been paying child support for the girl for nearly 13 years. labove filed legal papers claiming the girl was kinison's, and dna tests taken from kinison's brother bill show a 99.8% likelihood that kinison was the father of the unnamed woman, who was 21 at the time of the toronto sun story, and excluded labove as her father. ::question:: why did they divorce? 
::context:: in the early 1880s, sun mei sent his brother to `iolani school, which was under the supervision of british anglicans and directed by an anglican prelate named alfred willis. the language of instruction was english. although bishop willis emphasized that no one was forced to accept christianity, the students were required to attend chapel on sunday. at iolani school, young sun wen first came in contact with christianity, and it made a deep impression on him. schriffin writes that christianity was to have a great influence on sun's whole future political life. sun was later baptized in hong kong (on may 4, 1884) by rev. c. r. hager an american missionary of the congregational church of the united states (abcfm) to his brother's disdain. the minister would also develop a friendship with sun. sun attended to tsai church (dao ji hui tang ), founded by the london missionary society in 1888, while he studied western medicine in hong kong college of medicine for chinese. sun pictured a revolution as similar to the salvation mission of the christian church. his conversion to christianity was related to his revolutionary ideals and push for advancement. in 1924 liao chongzhen, a prominent and influential government official of the day, arranged a meeting between sun and martha root, a well-known journalist and traveling teacher of the baha'i faith in the late 19th and early 20th century. in this meeting sun came into contact with the teachings of the baha'i faith, expressing his appreciation for the cause and declaring it "highly relevant to the needs of china." ::question:: did the article say why he was interested in christianity? 