Okay, look Im sorry, I went in there to take a nap and I know I shouldnt have, but you got porn!
Im not even getting married! Okay, this is a question for science fiction writers!
Ahh, I just got out of a big relationship, Im not looking for any thing serious.
Oh yeah? Well, Im rubber, youre glue, whatevercant do it.  Listen, uh- gimme back my puck.
I mean weve been together seven years, shes the only woman whos ever loved me, and the only woman Ive-Ive ever....
Yknow what? Im not talking to you! You go back to sleep!  And you, are you a rapist?!
Okay, no, the important thing is that you see what Im saying, yknow, just yknow, this is clearly wrong.
Oh my God! You own an Italian restaurant and you think that tastes good?! Where are you even from?
Yeah, but what if its not? What if there    is a reason why we cant have a baby?
I dont care. I am trying to get a person out of my body here, and youre not making it any easier.
I know, I know I really like you too. But we-we cant date. Its against the rules. Its forbidden.
Oh thats great! Right there! Can we get some of that over here please?  There we go.
Yeah, yeah, first there was my aunt Mary, and then there was umm, John, my mailman, and then my, my cowboy friend Albino Bob.
Well, the movie was great, dinner was great, and theres nothing like a cool, crisp New York evening.
And well need to have witnesses who can testify that you were not of uh, sound mind.
Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight with you Ross! Look, urrgh, maybe we should take a break.
Because your all gonna make up fake specials and make me cook them like you did the other night?
Oh, I thought this was your party and it turns out its a party for Howard. Hes just the sweetest little man!
Okay. But the question is whos gonna go first. Cause whoever goes second is the bitch.
Ive been talking to you for five minutes now about killing myself and no ones even looked up from their desk.
I guess the last time we really hung out was when our parents rented that beach house together.
Well, Im sorry Joe. I didnt think the doctor was gonna buy that it just fell out of the socket.
As I was saying I should probably have the first of the three kids by the time Im 35 which gives me five years.
All right here he comes. Im gonna do this, Im gonna tell him, Im gonna be strong.
I know, but that creep that I went on that date with goes to there so I have to find a new one.
But lately all the guys I meet seem really nice at first, then they turn out to be the biggest jerks.
Man, Im starving! What the hell was I thinking at dinner?! Do you want soup or salad? Both! Always order both!
Okay, look, Ross, I realise that my Father is difficult, but thats why you have got to be the bigger man here.
Did you like her? And Im just asking as a friend, because I am totally fine with this.
No, no Pheebs you-you must be mistaken, because I know you wouldnt schedule a date on the same night you have plans with a friend!
Ross, yknow if you ever decide you need to redecorateAnd I think that you should.
And I need to flip the light switch on and off 17 times before I leave a room or my family will die.
Even when you were a kid... and you were chubby, and you had no friends, you were just fine!
Well, listen I ah, still have one more person to ah meet, but unless it turns out to be your sister, I think youre chances are pretty good.
My brothers going through that right now, hes such a mess. How did you get through it?
no, um, Im sorry, dont tell me, I dont think either answer would make me feel better.
It is so great to meet a guy who is smart and funny, and has an emotional age beyond, like eight.
You want me, you want me to quit my job so you can feel like you have a girlfriend?
Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, its no picnic. Theres tons of rejection.
Okay Rach, before anything happens  I just want to lay down a couple of ground rules.
Eh, he said, thank you very much, he thinks you look very pretty tonight, your hair, golden like the sun.
But, hey, look, you know the good thing is, is that we spent the whole day together and I survived, and whats even more amazing, so did she.
Oh, oh, but yknow, you always see these really beautiful women with these really nothing guys, you could be one of those guys.
My son is being born, and I should be in there, you know, instead of stuck in a closet with you.
On the other hand in um, in about seven months youre gonna have something that youre gonna love more than any guy youve ever gone out with.
Well its just while Monica and I were dancing to them it wasthe first time I knew thatyou were the woman I wanted to dance all my dances with.
Hey Ross. Its Joey. Theres a hooker over here and we thought maybe youd know something about it.
Oh thats right. Its your first day! So are you psyched to fight fake crime with your robot sidekick?
There was a pregnancy test in the garbage, and its positive. Monicas pregnant.  So I guess she wont be totally alone.
Oh, Im sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions.
When were 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
Huh. Interesting. Now there are obstacles. Hot nanny and me against    the world. This is the kind of stuff great novels are made of.
But, when we were in high school I made out with James Farrell even when I knew that you liked him!
Yeah. But I thought that was because I put the whole thing on my hand and made it walk across the table.
Yeah well, once again not knocking pays off. I only wish you hadnt been on the toilet.
Look at you, all sweet and innocent, sleeping like an angel...    with Emmas chubby little hands wrapped around ya.
What do you want me to do? Just sit here silently while you three have a conversation?
Well, apparently not, and I cant just stand by and watch two people I care about very much be hurt over something that is so silly.
Well I dont know, I-I suppose we may have favored you unconsciously, you were a medical marvel! The doctor said your mother could
Anyway, theres this big charity ball this weekend and Ralph Lauren bought a table, so I kinda have to go
Joey? Could you get that?  What are you doing here? I thought you were in your room?
Yes, and I know that youd say no if he asked you, but Im sorry how great would you look walking down the aisle in this Donna Carin.
Yeah-yeah, and if I get it by day Ill  Dr. Drake Remoray, but by night Ill be  Joey Trrrribbiani!
No. Umm, okay. But while you dial, let me show you the features of my new ringing handbag.  Oh, it does work!
Shes right, its Jill. Jill Goodacre. Oh my God. I am trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre!
Wow, it looks like a, like a holiday card yknow, with the tree in the middle and the skaters and the snow.
Yknow Monica you had a minor setback in your relationship with Chandler. Big deal! Its only Chandler.  I am
Yeah, so it turns out that it wasnt the hair straightener that started the fire.
Oh, its so easy for you I mean, youre not married, you get to have sex with who ever you want!
What, did you actually thought it would make me feel better to give me stuff that I cant use for another two months?!
Okay, cause when-when he said, I cant wait to hear your first words, I thought, Theres a trick.
Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith.
Yeah, I do think its better this way.  Yeah, were being smart.   Yes, Im sure.
Huh, Rach I got to say its gonna take a lot of money for me to go out on a date with a dude.
Whoa!! Now look, dont be just blurtin stuff out. I want you to really think about your answers. Okay?
You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there, the first guy Rachel sees is you, Shes gotta know that youre everything hes not!
But you-you cant leave me with them! We-were a team! Were playing a zone! Theyre gonna triple team me!
Well, it would be easier to move just right across the hall. Wait a minute, unless youre thinking about Naked Wednesdays.
Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant.
All right girls, and man. Lets see your final tallies.  Ohhhh, Debbie,  321 boxes of cookies,  Very nice.
Well, thats different. My lie didnt make one of us a felon in 48 states. What were you thinking?
I was uh, I was thinking I might want to pick one of those babies up for myself, I might want to get one of those
Oh well, hey, Joeys loveable too! But the thing about Joey is, if you need him, hell be there.
Um, okay. You just called a little while ago about needing a signature on the admissions form. Well, it turns out we need a
Can you believe it? I mean, dont I seem like somebody who should be doing something really
Umm, excuse me, we switched apartments. You cant eat are food anymore, that-that gravy train had ended.
 Cause youre a little princess! Daddy, buy me a pizza. Daddy, buy me a candy factory. Daddy, make the cast of
Yeah because you all have such different looks, were putting you with Raymond and Kyle with Ben.
Well, um, for the past few years Ive been working.....which is funny because, that wasnt even my major.
Well, I heard that you thinking about asking Phoebe to move in with you and I thought maybe, we should have a talk.
Then you two can, can sneak into the cockpit, and things will start to heat up, and then a stewardess comes in  Ive been watching too much porn.
I know! Why dont you get drunk! That worked for a lot of girls in my high school.
Rach, look!  Oh, hi! Where is my strong Ross Skywalker to come rescue me.  There he is.
Oh, my mom called, theyre gonna run our engagement announcement in the local paper, so were looking for a good picture of us.
I havent... I havent even thought about the results yet...    I just assumed that everything was gonna be ok.
Does it? Does it? Yeah, I wanted to give that whole Does it? part just another glance.
Are you serious?! Chandler, we ate an entire cheesecake two days ago and you want more?
Chandlers funny, sophisticated, and hes very loveable, once you get to know him.
Ross, I still cant forgive you for what you did, I cant, I just, but sometimes when Im with you I just, I feel so...
Yknow what the saddest part is, when we were playing together, that was like the most fun Ive ever had in like all my lives.